# life.

<!--

Welcome to life. A rancid fascination of all things particular. An overwhelming sense of asymptotic reference. America's rag-doll daddy of putty intentions, spluttered vicious into the cultural misappropriation you witness before your very eyes. This is where all stories begin, end and...

"Truly fantastic", announces the editor from across the room, as he swivels in his chair towards my general direction. Hesitant in a gleam of cheap cologne and uncompromising flattery; mouth struck brazen in a dyslexic haze of powdered aspartame and lopsided cheese squares. Taint within the star-mangled biscuits adjourned thin across the maltodextrin fabric of his crumb-infused sweater. Inconspicuously store-bought, we presume, for our excited listeners at home. For he was the mindless operator who would introduce himself as my only lifeline into the world of publishing, and I was the pathetic liar who intended to milk his acquaintance for all it was worth. Milk. Acquaintance. He licks his lips with a sickening kvetch. Botch n' bauble. Sordidly numb. My eyes quiver with a hopeless anticipation, outward upon the defective commentary I'd come to endure over the past hour and a half. Words. Folly. Words. Much like observing a child attempt to hang itself lyrically with the stock of a gun, perhaps it'd be quicker if I'd just shot him instead.

"I really, really liked what you did there. I thought it was simply fantastic! The imagery. The sex appeal. I could definitely fuck that, if you know what I mean."

Dawdled frantic onto a notepad fit suitably for a 90s' Nickelodeon pre-teen, it was clear he had no idea what he was talking about. Hell, I wasn't even quite sure if he knew who I was. Perhaps this was the beginning of some laborious online prank, where I, the unwitting idiot, would be exposed as some part-time celebrity on a popular Japanese game show. A sure highlight in my floundering career as a writer, as the editor awaits his cue to run towards the hidden camera and shout "We got ya!" like a trained hyena on wheels. I mean, sure. I'd probably fuck it too. Me and my words dressed in mortal calamity. Blind in an unfortunate sexual encounter involving my last moments in an exploding orgasm, and a terribly shy lackey with a syllable for a grin.

I suppose it was the level of respect I garnered as an unknown assailant, possibly attached to his meaningless gestures delivered haphazardly like the illegitimate leader of an unknown guerrilla war. Che Guevara au lite. The raved lunatic of a ritual patriarchal circle-jerk. Head o' the New an' Improved Mickey Mouse Club. Accent dripped-thick in the ancient tar of a dead Italian laid-limp over his heartless sleeves, and into the repeating glares of purgatory. A cursory sanctuary for two-time real estate agents and doofus car salesmen, as they wholesomely gather around the poor in thy blessed ceremony of devout enumeration. Ultimately, the editor was a man propped n' reassured by the might n' glory of a three-hour Tony Robbins' lecture, once witnessed in full three-minute summary. And although he was a puppet, something which even his own attention could not avert. His eyes were in a constant state of cantankerous flicker, presumably basked in a level of self-gratification not last seen since the Holy Roman Empire.

Then across the border, sitting awkwardly by the wayside behind a facade of U.N. sponsored barbed-wire, enclosed within the prevailing attitudes showering its vindictive tempest and echoing dialogues of sparkling doubt and lacklustre fashion, was me. An unruly clash against the unsettling intentions revealing themselves in the faint colonies of pop-sweat rippling scarce throughout the bovine arcade of my skin. Revolting. Glorious. I couldn't have been more uncomfortable, nor under-represented in this fraudulent battering of intellectual deceit, but I assured myself that everything would be okay as long as I continued to embrace the sodomy, in full. Thankfully, Aristotle was blasphemous.

"You know, have you ever considered writing this, uh, material into a book? I think it would make for fascinating reading."

"Well yeah, that's basically why I'm here. To get my book published," sat an audaciously sad man preoccupied firmly in this very chair. Helplessly situated in an uncaught mire of time, conveniently puzzled at the present-day theatrics of this man's somewhat infectious outreach.

Then soon, an entire lifetime of small talk and faux pleasantry would transpire in my head, capturing me in arrival at Dante's fuck-pen of ill-conceived trickery. Curtaillious damnation. The plague of a thousand deaths. And in the wisp that followed from the agonising sylph of the editor's dreaded words, bore the demons of rheumy and their defiled angels of necrophilic intent. Pinning me down upon the pewter of the hardwood floors below, nailing my jaw into the rhymes of the deep oblivion churning me south. south. south. It was obvious at this point that I'd completely tuned out of whatever muffled point he was attempting to express, although I imagine it involved fucking some other aspect of my work, akin to our misaligned rivalry which had now officially expired without a licence to care. Ultimately, he wanted to see himself in everything, and I simply wanted to be acknowledged, loved and possibly adored like a house cat on trial; possibly for dragging a dead creature into the living room during the heated quarter-finals of an end-of-season football match.

I decided to reach for the mug o' water conveniently placed next to the picture of a scantily-dressed child. Tight cheerleader's seduce. Pink moose knuckle. Presumably reared to have the words "Daddy's girl" tattooed onto her forehead before being fucked in front of a live camera-crew and eager internet audience of millions. And as the lukewarm liquid of the polystyrene cup trickled down my throat and into the depths of my hunch, even my basic bodily fluids could sense the paltry catalogue of this poor man's attempt at azure. Within the space of a few hours, he had evolved into the middle-aged caricature of a homeless veteran; avidly deep-throating his prized roadkill for the thrill of the violence. The refulgence of his deadbeat practice. The falter of his mind; that filament of gore which doth shone bright upon the piercing tenement of his frail enthusiasm. Undoubtedly, I was being played the fool as I forced myself to exhale deep into my lungs, in an attempt to bring my smile into a full, unmatched forte.

"It's fast approaching twelve and I'd absolutely kill for a bite. You like Chinese? You're Chinese, right? I mean, you just have that slight gook look to you. No offense, cutter." Sure. I couldn't possibly have been offended by the blatant racism of your remark. In fact, nothing could possibly have offend me more than the pantomime presence of your existence, you unadultered sack of shit. I've scraped less-abrasive gunk from the self-mutilated pussy of a dead-hooker's final stand at a crackhouse clinic shootout, than I've spent today, hearing you mutter the two-ounce garbage tract of poorly-spoken English you claim is wholly integral to the left side of your brain.

Ah, who even cares anymore. I'm sure his wanton style was just the kind of tautological caprice required to turn heads and kick books into the wounded hands of yesteryear's consumer. The kind of frolic that apparently, readers desperately wanted to fuck.

Although I could identify the exit beyond the rows of offices which extended like a slinky into the poetic halls of post-consumerist antipathy, actually leaving the building itself proved futile. Between the wades of paper which defied the Law of Moses, to what seemed like a fossilised pocket of methane dating back to the Mesozoic period, left only enough oxygen within the building to support the efficient gills of literary agents and editors alike. Flustered and deprived, I attempted to trawl towards the door as inconspicuous hoards of office stationary surrounded me in a merciless wildfire of nomadic appeal. Begging me to stay and offer my soul to the Lord of Decor, as he sat idly by in a chromatic tone of poncy green. From the cruft rhododendron wallpaper to the prissy carpet stains which revealed themselves as Tommy and Russ, absolutely nothing felt untarnished nor logically brave within this maze of frivolous scruffle and hard tactics.

Even the mold from within the dark archival corners of the floor had gained somewhat of a celebrity status, occupied within the neglected pails of ancient writers' manuscripts. As they hissed and coughed like a Catholic choir of addled school children, singing thy Church's most forbidden hymn. Pleading to be read in their never-end tomes of impermissible vagrancy. According to the editor, it was little more than a haughty Machiavellian ruse. His eyes now zooming towards the large indecent apertures of this building's entrance, keen to stuff his gobble with the delight of wheat and clarified pork mince. Through the unquivering hinge and back into the grasp of mainstream discourse, it had come time to reacquaint myself with the smack, bang and shovel of these mean city streets. If only to feel that little bit closer to home.

Chinatown is the same everywhere you go. Unadorned paper laterns slathered in the inner-city embrace of thy particulate smog. Carelessly branded in an uncanny menstruation of red, quadrilateral and a cast-iron yellow. Fucked and dribbled along an autistic array of blinding nationalism. Comprising of a mass-produced line of chauvinistic spirit, shoved senseless within an ornate red-envelope raffishly stamped with the symbols of luck and whore. Conveniently placed within an arm's distance of a burnt-out firecracker and an unsteady hit of Fentanyl. An ancient mechanism designed to forget n' impress, because as any good Chinaman worth his weight in Tang Dynasty gold knows, family and tradition always comes first. And when your dying relative collapses at your knees, vomiting coagulated semen in a patriotic display of sex and fervour. That's when you know you've truly made it as a father and son of the People's Republic of China.

Colourful neon lights and piccadilly displays shroud the backdraw of Chinatown's twisted municipal lanes, harbouring the forgotten faces and contorted postures defying anatomy upon their hairless bodies. Hauling what appeared to be solidified scows of duck-fat along the rigid brick pathways their forefathers had travelled once before. It was a sign of both destination and reverence, leading us senseless towards the contempt which without contention, had very much become fundamental to our very beings. As our souls found themselves annexed into the smells and riches of Grandma's chicken stock from the exalted balconies above. Palatably served amongst an impure confederation of tripe and blood jelly, the effervescent concotion proceeded to billow inside a enveloping cloud of pre-industrial steam. Engulfing a bamboo chorus of squeamish roe; twisting and wrying their molecular structure in an undulating shriek of mass extinction. As the untenable screeching of their death bursts and cracks the tiny alveoli grasping at my lungs, deliberating its woes in the presence of a fermented opium paste, laid decorated upon a bed of kibbled rat hair. Resulting in what could only be described as an abomination of wretched torment; a fatal delicacy most Chinese commoners could not afford, lest they succumb to a sudden death of clenching decease at the helm of their table.

Flocking to the streets. Vermintide folly. Naked children appear to gather in rows, as they carelessly prance to a Communist funeral melody. With their privates tucked deep inside their precious little foreskin gashes, their innocence was more-than ripe for the zealous meat cleavers of Chinatown to apprehend. Thankfully, the Chinese butcher was a simple rice-loving man with a delicate wife-beating texture. Often wearing nothing but a kitchen apron and a silver-chain necklace, traditionally awarded during the first annual rape of a fierce Mahjong beatdown. Cigarette in mouth. Cleaver in hand. Ready to beat the grease off his forsaken cock for the triumph and pride of the nation. Further down the road, emanating through a thick haze of prudent SARS, lies what appears to be a badly cut-up swine. Fit with a heinous cough and a regurgitated mouth full of developed maggots, attracting both women and children alike. The beast squirms and prospers besides the scuttle remains of a young man knocked swift from his bike. Hit by a speeding lagoon, as it rides off into the distance. Forgotten without a trace or concern. His pretty brain now a battered mess of week-old congee, haplessly conspiring within the confines of its own filth to a point of chronic anemia. The young man outlasts the swine by a few seconds, but only barely. As the indeterminable traces of his splayed cortex streamed down into the sewers of the hotpot kitchen below, ready to serve this week's special to the crowded few of a fantastic many.

Then suddenly, the deafening tintinnabulation of the bells above began to chime their violent roar, signifying the co-ordinated efforts of an malnourished proletariat to commit gastronomic castration on a scale never seen before to the outside world. As men and women alike, beat each other senseless over the cured offcuts of a tenderised Peking duck's asshole. Considered by many to bring luck and good fortune. Fleeing from the madness of the crave, I catch sight of an old aunt in vile brown florals. Violently rubbing her clitoris with a pair of coarse chopsticks, before readying her gaze upon the supple cavern of her nephew's left ear; an exquisite acumen of sinew and flesh which was expected to be chewed and suckled in meditative silence. Whilst the child sat patiently in an unconscious state of collective starvation, in complete devotion towards mastering his fourth-grade assignment. My fickle eyes rummaged away from the scene. It appeared that no one was safe, nor spared, in this fibrous materialisation of cannibalistic entropy. The ravage of Chinatown had commenced. Fortunately, we were only moments away from our destination, as the chaos quietened and our our view widened into a most precarious shade of white; vanish into the cold darkness of the deplorable auditorium housing both wok and dispute, privy to the orbital apprenhesion our newfound sense of place had discovered. The duo had arrived, safely and sound.

"I too wanted to become a writer at some point in my career," the editor blurted, as if making some kind of ultimate sacrifice against his own will.

"But I figured the money was better on the other side of the fence, if you know what I mean. I mean, who even reads books anyway?"

Although certain in what I heard, I wasn't quite sure how to respond, let alone comprehend what little meaning was left in this exchange of words and parasitic formalities. Not that it really mattered. We were both here to eat and that meant more than nothing. Jeering through the long-winded hallway bearing somewhat of a striking resemblance to a morgue, brought us to the final entrance of an ingenius system of plastic-beads designed to keep white-face like editor out. Naturally, white-face did all he could to keep in, and thus a centuries' old tradition was broken by not only an Italian, but the worst kind of Italian. That is a third-generation Italian, and we were all none-the-wiser.

The muted Tudor frizzle of the dilapidated walls enclosing the Chinese palace (suitably named, The Ming) drew a sense of familial brooding, as I stepped through the battered corridors of the restaurant and into the bright fluorescent gaze of what appeared to be a mental ward for the orient. Laminate rows of empty chairs and tables confounded the general sense of space attempting to enclose itself. The place was dead. Not a single customer was witnessed that day, aside from the crass reflection of the editor and I against the muted sheen of the white wall-tiles in front of us. Juxtapose against the depleted faces of a trodden theatre affair, now racing frantically to eradicate all sense of pride and honour as part of a grand self-serving pursuit of cathartic emotional absolution known only to the Chinese community. And yet the place felt well-lived enough to create a sense of belonging akin to identifying a fellow rapist within a prison. I catch a waitress smile, but only barely. Keen to demonstrate his own fallible sense of belonging, the editor signals towards the overwhelmed waitress by holding up his 1st and 3rd longest fingers. Also known as the international sign of peace, only to be greeted by the waitress' heavily distilled face, as she guided us towards our booth in the far back corner of the asylum. I doubt she had a visa, although I'd be surprised if the editor did either.

The booth itself comfortably sat three, a necessary addition to accommodate for the timely inclusion of the editor's ego. A six-foot long mirage resembling the entire backbench of Republican-majority senate, in concession with the receptive tension of an unforgiving racist and his gook-inspired raciee. Yours truly. Much to his character, he politely shoved me out of the way to place his gargantuan ass onto the cushioned fabric of the revered corner seat below. Because as his guest, apparently the idea of anything less would have been considered a National Proclamation of Civil Disobedience. Don't forget to rape, steal n' murder at any cost, and be sure to gather the receipt come tax time to assure your place on Mr. Ming's throne. Perhaps it was just plain ol' American policy to be an even greater asshole than those around you. Yes. I was almost certain of it.

"Listen, bud. I know you think I'm not the brightest tool in the shed, but if you just knew some of the industry connections I had, I think you'd really look up to me." Unintentionally resolute in the Valium-enhanced confines of a sedated cliché, the editor felt dependable in the same way King Arthur felt magniloquence eating a bucket of fried chicken at his enigmatic Round Table. Hidden behind the Sicilian dazzle of his two-piece Dolce & Gabbana, endured a hairy gut of emollient dairy; bursting with a gaseous reminder to shift positions every once n' a while, in order to avert the disturbance of the pro-biotic interplay preventing his body from detonating into a proliferating spiral of compounding Tzatziki. Another potential trauma to be conveyed to my therapist's ever-growing backlog of irrational condensation brewing deep from within my mind.

"So did you like the book?", I retorted. Keen to hear what unrivaled incompetence could be extracted from the two useless lumps of flesh surrounding his open-closey thingy. All the while, I doubted he could even read at all, as he confidently leaned back and placed his hands behind his head. Ever-so nearly knocking over a priceless Imperial vase off its somewhat already unstable foundation. Somehow he laughs casually at the thought of the vase plunging down upon the glacial tiles below, which would undoubtedly have left Mr. Ming in a state of inconsolable anger and harrowing inconvenience. Truly, the editor at times was like witnessing a stray deer escape from its prey, as it gasped with a placate authority over the state of its residual safety. Tattered in its relief, to then only to be shot in the head by a lone ranger with a fine taste for Midwest Whitetail.

"I think it has potential, kid," replies the editor, who in a momentary lapse of bad faith, reveals himself as an incapacitated three-year-old with a strong desire for mother's milk. For whatever reason he remains cautiously silent, until his porous brain can no longer contain the hullabaloo excitement of confusion his thoughts had been attempting to express all along.

"Although I must say, most of it really made no sense to me. What the hell is a putty intention? Is it some kind of weird sexual thing you people are into, because you know I don't do anal."

"I mean, I gue...", he cuts me off.

"Hey waiter! Where are the dumps at! I'm just kiddin', missy. Alright, now don't get all chinky with me now, but I would really appreciate a fresh menu. This one smells like a fuckin' fried pig's cunt! HA, you probably eat that kinda' shit all the time." Erupting into the precipice of a delinquent laughter, the editor attempts to grab the waiteress' arm in a sign of misplaced affection. Only to be shrugged off and greeted by the stare of a young child ready to kill its own father.

"Oh, and two seltzer waters please! The bubbly stuff. Also, could you be a real sweetheart and turn the thermometer down a little? It's like tryin' throat-fuck a sauna in here." Stammered with the finesse of a bleated cow, the editor continues his verbal warble to the inexplicable rage of the choleric waitress. As he scans through the menu with the accuracy of a dying senior, insisting that the waitress stand idly by to the laws of his cumbersome indecision; ink to be dispersed without a ladle of consent. The waitress stood there with a look of calculated death, followed by what seemed to be an illegible barrage of Chinese cursive as she aggressively carved her pen into the thin wafer of her notepad. I suppose what truly perplexed me was how the editor had managed to degrade so explicitly into such a deplorable slosh of bigotry. Or had I simply fallen naive? Perhaps it was just what I'd become accustomed to as the slant with no name. Another cunder to be punt. Serialised within a rhythmic cacophony of preprocessed meat goods.

"Let's see. I will have the six-piece pork dumpling set, a chicken n' corn soup and uhhhh, could I please also have a large serving of Singapore noodles. They're real noodles from Singapore, right?" Our waitress, the holy accolade of Mr. Ming himself, exercised an exhaustive compendium of disaffection towards the editor, which she repeated in direct contempt via the broken English she muttered under the animosity of her undying breath. Even occassionally throwing in a few Chinese swear words to help her let off some steam at the cacophonous disrespect she felt stronger than God's piercing cock, shattering all humanity from the waist down. Certainly, I doubt the deliriously over-worked Mr. Ming would have enjoyed witnessing his daughter being harassed by a middle-aged white sock, as he stood cautiously by in the far back corner of the renowned eatery with an eye of witness. As he eyed his customers' every intent. Taking special note of the oodles of wasted food which sparked disdain in the eyes of Mr. Ming. Presupposed by the army of sous-chefs in the back kitchen of the restaurant, butchering slabs of a glazed pork into thinly-sliced bundles of coy. Noodle in. Noodle out. Break a hand and call me Gonzo. It was time for this man to order.

"I think I'll have the..."

"So junior, tell me about this book then. Are we talkin' fantasy? I mean, I don't remember readin' about no goblins or nuthin'. You know I don't do fantasy, right?" The waitress had already left.

For a moment we both stare at each other, captured by the silence of our shared misery; my anger growing ever-more substantial in the way his beady eyes would dart around the interior of his cornea in attempt to avoid eye contact. Perhaps we were simply too old and too bothered in our own ways to truly come to any sort of meaningful understanding, or perhaps he was just a fucking idiot who deserved to have his limbs shredded by the pounding obliteration of a compact crusher. And aside from literally grabbing my spoon and shoving it into the sinuous socket of his undeserving eye, there was little I could do to contain the anger and frustration that had constructed itself to a maze of smouldering evisceration inside my heart. I felt entirely instructed to kill, and yet I remained composed enough to avert the necessity.

-->
"This reaaaallly isn't going to work out," explodes the words from my mouth with a dilectic fury. Keen to estrange this abhorrent excuse of a human being, only to be interrupted by the waitress and her blue-laced bowls of hot steaming sludge. Caught in a state of immense confusion, not only from my response, but by the food which had not existed moments ago, the editor sat there for a few moments, overcome by his own crushing morality which he felt entirely responsible for.

Shell shocked and in a daze of repudiated apathy, I observed him sit in complete silence as he picked up his fork and began to tremble upon the vehement warmth of his Singapore noodles. Which he knew on some level, would help him ease the pain of rejection I had sought to express so desperately from the very first hello. Held down by a violent clash his own worst vulnerabilities, as he broke down sobbing into a piffling steam of oyster-sauce.

"Listen, I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry," cried the editor, with bits of fake Singapore noodle stuck to his face.

"I need this job. I really fucking need it. Fuck. I'm on last strings buddy. You don't know how badly I need this. They're going to fire me! I know it. I just know it! I can give you anything you want, just please work with me," His cheek-bones bore the pity of a decrepit widow, held together by a chain of cigarettes which kept those ol' lungs pretty. Two incompatible fuck-buddies, with a schedule which barely fit in enough time to spend with our lesbian wives. He saw red and I saw yellow. He wanted cream and I wanted to spit in his mouth and fuck his daughter with a knife to her throat, before killing the rest of the family in a postal slaughter of unkempt rape, because this cunt had it coming to him. And although he knew it too, I certainly wasn't keen on teaching a dead dog new tricks.

"It's almost as if you didn't even read the book! How can you be so fucking dense!?", I yelled, personally hand-crafting my words in such a way that they would eventually reach the hollow cavern of his brain, now attempting to recruit a gallow of well-trained monkeys to decipher the ploy of sabotage being hurled his way.

"What, are you callin' me stupid!? Do you even know who I am!?", retorted the editor in a savage plea for self-righteous proclamation, a defensive mechanism sought to eradicate all potential responsibility from his repertoire of life-sucking heuristics. He was a cock-sucking prat and I was going to show it to him.

"Does it even make a fucking difference, you FUCKING idiot!? Go fuck yourself. Don't even try to call me. I'm done. I hope you lose your fucking job you stupid piece of shit. You deserve it."

The plain insincerity of the flaked-paint ceiling shifted its muted colours into a dark purple of valiant rose, drawing the poor yuppie into a sober chamber of insulated regret. Perhaps for the first time in his life, the editor didn't quite know how to respond. No answer to the looming divorce of thy union. No conceivable way to writhe his way back into pole position. No method to express how little control he had over the situation. No loophole to charm or linger. No words or audience to please. He was an irrelevant puddle of defeat, and I made sure to let him know of his stature in the crinkle slade of disappointment I displayed on my face, as I lifted myself up from the table and walked away. Mussing my fingers along the slippery tiled walls of the harrowing corridor and out through the plastic-bead opening keeping him in. Chinatown had spoken.

As I gawked my way out of The Ming, dead in a primal pursuit of counter-clock rage, I stopped for a moment in the middle of the sidewalk to return myself to a more cosy collection of thoughts. A delicious bowl of ramen soup, I thought to myself. That's what I craved, as my empty stomach gargled in a churlish snicker of twinkle n' pink. And yet as I walked down these disease-ridden lanes, plastered many times over with a volcanic certainty of cheap glue and holographic print, I couldn't quite shake the anger that I felt for life, as the tip of my knees sank like a chasm into the mound of my socks. Like a slow-tide of faithlessness being dragged back into reef, it was the kind of deuce which left you flaccid in a mass-hysteria of unanimous public despondence. I reassured myself that I didn't need him. That he was trash, and that I would find another editor to publish my book, even if it meant kidnapping one myself.

I pass an old Chinese man selling chop-chop along the side of the road. He begins shouting at me in a roast of incomprehensible Chinese. Perhaps he recognised me. Perhaps he wanted to tell me something important. I threw him a dollar as he sat there bewildered at the generosity of my gesture. I was in no mood to play prophecy. At the very least I understood how I didn't want my book published, abused and slawed in slimy knockdown of soaked arrest. I glanced down at my watch and swore. Fuck. It was only 2 in the afternoon and I still had to return to work. Hopefully no one had realised how long I'd disappeared for, although I found that highly unlikely. Unfortunately, it didn't stop me from trying.

