# work.

In work we trust. A plutocratic orgy of totalitarian devastation. Last week's solution to the rampant "black" problem. Mornin' coffee. Mornin' grain. Mornin' wank. Margarine's tainted folly of hardened bliss, as you attempt to pry the vogue from your eyes with a pompadour pickaxe. The diabolical seeps into your gums n' fizzles into the heart of your Special-K. Spuriously programming Lucifer's twiddle into an undying commitment of useful, well-behaved utility. Tizzle n' rawr. Sizzle n' bliss. Achromatic in a calico beak of crackle invention. Shuckle up, bucko. It's time to cradle the flair.

Following this morning's disastrous ousting with the editor, I was truly in no mood to sort paper, snort chaffer, nor entertain the upper soiree with my two-time tap-plastic beat. What I truly wanted was a gun and a live-animal to contest with. An outlet to express my debilitating sorrow, as I empty an entire magazine of 5.56 mm hollow point rounds into the mouth of a docile four-legged creature. Preferably in front of its own fawn. Fuckin' Alakazam! The hostess would then announce me Big Akimbo™ in honorary procession, as I stand there victorious in an uncompromising vision of success against the hardened tyranny of moral expectation. Its shrapnel-imbued carcass, to be chewed and held by its hobble ears, compressed and violently ripped apart in a slobbering gob of ravioli slosh. The coursing blood of its flimsy corpse, gushing and staining the taffy white-righteous chastity of my teeth, as I awkwardly grin into the sun, to be captured in photographic memorium for future generations to mimic and inspire. In other words, I was fuckin' hungry.

I couldn't help but stare at the foreboding glass doors barring me from performing today's financial execution. Oblivious to the erratic ruffle of my coat, reeking of the emulsified smells of pork and chive from the oriental dive bar earlier. My work pass misplaced, perhaps retrieved by a sultry Mr. Ming who'd had discovered something precious near our table, pawning it as a barbaric relic of the West, in hopes of banishing the outer-reaches of thy Sandwich scum from ever eating at his restaurant again. Although truth be told, I never quite knew where my pass was at any given moment. It was in a constant state of flux, lying dormant on my kitchen bench one moment, not a trace of it to be found the next. And yet, in spite of the odds, it would always somehow reveal itself in the aftermath of the crisis, just when I no longer required it.

Dazed and confused in the acidic gargle of my famished wren, I had no choice other than to consult the pea-sized grain of rationality subsiding within the disjointed hernia that was my brain. That golden nugget of buxom ghee, which hadn't yet been consumed by the creeping anxiety confiscating my ability to think. Was it in my best interest to force my way through the threshold in a sheer act of terrorism; an ode towards my fanatic devotion for all things Capitalistic? Where were the freely-available messenger pigeons at this time of day, needlessly vain in their help and counselling in these dreary times of trial? Perhaps the reasonable thing to do was to call my boss, and pretend as if I'd caught some sort of medieval disease which prevented me from understanding the core fundamentals of Excel. Ah, yes. A fine day's work is never quite truly over, as we collectively embrace the dibble-dabble affair that conspires to dribble us in the nonsensical pleasure of well-organised crime, lesser to the pagan beliefs you uphold as gospel upon God's almighty vision of care. A mechanical duet featuring your absolute best face in an air-tight vacuum of outstanding perfection, mired upon a palette of plastic purple laminate, suitably moulded into tiny matchsticks for your mouth to align. "Half a matchstick a day keeps ol' Maggie away from clootching ye ol' heart monitor!", murmurs a fading voice in the back of my mind, somewhat delirious in the poorly-received intention seeping from my skull.

"I'm guessing you forgot your pass again," approaches a pathless voice from the wide-open carpark fronting the technological fortress of torture and caress. Judging by the snark prelude that emanated from the tainted wisp of her words, there was no doubt in my mind it was Milo. The goddess of whim. The principal subject of my internet search history. Liquorice whore. I truly wanted nothing more than to grab her astringent curls and fuck her senseless on the crumbling asphalt below, until the cataracts in her eyes bled a fantastic green and her body whimpered into a pleasant glow of rainforest meets seaside.

"I guess I have indeed," quavered the anxious hubris of my mouth, as I stood there entirely enamoured with her presence. The thick drape of her body, shrouded in the ripped veil of a velvet rouge dress. Only for my imagination to see. Those piercing Armenian eyes. The luna compulsiveness of her shrill twirls. Ready to lure, attract and quander at any given moment. Her figure, as slender and as elusive as the strands of time itself, emancipated in a deformed stock of cigarette ash and compact opulence. It was everything my tongue envisioned, and impossibly more. A coarse bounty of decaying sexuality, deliberating her honey-drenched touch with the skilful fabric of a fine silk lace, designed to twist and churn the senses, animating sin into a debauchery of tautologically impossible shapes. She was a casual fuck at an under-funded rehab clinic; cum dripping thin in a shower of condemning misery. Another arduous topic to discuss with my therapist, who would likely have disapproved of the past 3 minutes 23 seconds of my existence, eating into her precious lemon-suckling time. I mean, what would a middle-aged sock even know about romance anyway, aside from the toilsome effects of Earl Grey tea on the libido after 7pm?

What categorised Milo, aside from my ardent obsession with her existence, was that she was a bit of a bipolar baby. Goldilocks' manic retardant. The world's saddest poker face. My indignant marquess of fractured leisure. One minute she would be erupting ecstatic, bouncing around the walls, spitting food into your mouth, offering your mortal hand in marriage. Only to be found soon thereafter, locked within the damp confines of a staircase cupboard, wrists slashed nine in an unfettered stain of cheap mascara, quivering violent in a melancholic chamber of stricken grief. Perhaps I was attracted to the infinite possibility of her character. The boundless anonymity of her malfunctioning wire, spilling its charge in a nimble display of vile charity. The clarity of her struggle. The sex in her veins. Certainly, my therapist insisted that it was unhealthy to romanticise mental illness, although I simply couldn't help myself in these bleak times of plead, as I dragged my mind back into the safety of my own depravity. Like a never-ending tide of pacifying glue, keeping my smile unhinged and my foxtrot at ease. Evidently, Milo appeared to be in a manic mood today, which is probably why she empathetically dived in to kiss me on the cheek, before flouncing into the lobby and disappearing entirely into the dark corners of the office building. Leaving my body in an infatuated heave of quantum exhilaration, boundlessly afraid of what my mind could do with only a fraction of her attention. The fantasy was becoming dangerously real, and this man knew not how to gorge.

Through the bright cellophane interiors of the refurbished lobby and into the preliminary trust of the mind, laid what was known as the Machine of Profit™. A delectable prophecy which bore the deceased flesh of a prominent entrepreneur, ravaged and annihilated in a cautry of mangled copper and synthetic cortisol. It existed as the life and blood of the Accord™, which all employees were expected to memorise and hold in the highest regard. Through prayer and worship, the ancient artifact existed to provide purpose to its subjects, communicating its intent via the extensive network of viridian tubes which ran through the hollow walls of the building. Unapologetically abrasive in its prodigal delegation. JUMP. NOW. DOWN. DOWN. DOWN. And in a swift hive-mind of unconcerning urgency, thousands of helpless bodies plunged from their desk-side windows and onto the carpark below, haplessly captivated in a cacophony of demonic screaming and inaudible plight. Apparently, it didn't care much for sentimentality.

At the other end of the lobby, calculated in an entwined ensemble of endless elevator-music, revealed an impressive assortment of exotic Peruvian vines, latching themselves in exquisite fashion to form the company's logo in vivid three-dimensional delight. And on an isolated desk ahead, behind a custom wood finish with an ever most graceful dash of slut, sat the receptionist. A messy ball of anxious wool and tangled cat-hair, perpetually stunned in the bright pink, yellow and orange knitted jumpers she praised all over her voluptuous body. A small personality trapped behind an over-sized smile. The bravado of a self-conscious duress, hidden within the empty confines of a desecrated tub of ice-cream, kept underneath her bed and unsparingly finished without even a trace of dairy to harm even the most sensitive of lactose-intolerant cells. Of course, I also wanted to fuck her too. Me and my consummate hands, grabbing at her protruding angel wings and biting into her thick-inch cellulite. Tartare in a scream of repressive intercourse. But it was a detail which would blur into every woman I would ever meet in my life, both past and present. Except for my mother, whom I wanted to kill.

"Good morning!", I blast at her face, burst in a tangent of Viagra, trying my best to sound like an all-inclusive trip to the Bahamas.

"You know that you already said that earlier, right? When it was actually morning?" Well, I suppose it wasn't as bad as it could have been. No shame in being that quirky Asian wall-flower, aloof in my nonchalant intricacies, ambiguous in my non-ironic love for turn-based RPGs. Perhaps my insistent awkwardness would eventually lead to a romantic date with thy lovely receptionist, casually ending in a police-cautioned night of uninspired sex and intense syphilis. Certainly, I didn't think of myself as something to be desired, in the same way that I felt women were to be cherished and admired. Perhaps, it was an extension of the self-hate that I felt for myself. The unfortunate paradox of the Westernised Asian male. Too traumatised to fuck our own kind, yet too unaccepting of the watered-down pool of white women whom considered the use of chopsticks an advanced trickery of the mind. Perhaps I simply didn't care, what with my infinite virtual fantasy-land of cum and gore, soiled in a heap of used panties and latex swimsuits. Ripe for the dime. A delicate ruse which kept me from crying alone, almost none the time.

"Oh right, I had no idea," remarked the avid pervert towards the receptionist, tattered in an unconvincing smirk of giddy insolence, as I licked my lips feverously at the sight of raw chicken. My two opposable thumbs, springing spastic from their sockets. Zig-zagging in a jovial haste of pittered discretion. Arguably, beginning a new chapter within our lives, where we would absolutely never speak to each other again. A beautiful stroke of premonition, I thought to myself, as I brushed my way through the corduroy corridor of the aforementioned lobby and into the vulgar outline of the office kitchen. A primal 70s' decor filled to the brim with unwashed tupperware and #1 dad mugs, complemented only by the sickly yellow synthesis oozing from the congregation of fake Tulips situated to the north of the perimeter, coalescing in satanic droves. Releasing their varnished smells into the decrepit pit of the grimy kitchen floor below, second only to the potent mustard fumes which plumed from the stale epoxy seal of the open fridge door. A truly terrifying combination for both human and rodent alike.

The indoor kitchen was little more than an industrial institution intended to provide just enough grim to keep the magic of creativity from harming the pulchritudinous tastebuds of the old white executives haunting these halls. Chewin' white bread n' slammin' vita-pills to meet their daily sustenance needs. "A haughty necessity of the uttermost importance", as was described in a recent board meeting of heart monitors and Eldridge naval ties. The casualty of youth.

In a senseless fit of rage, I observe a man glass a co-worker with a kombucha bottle. His swank body thrown against a malfunctioning vending machine, hopelessly beaten and raped with a vice hold. The aggressor proceeds to shank his victim's crippled body with a jigsaw grip, puncturing his vital organs in a quelch of splattered blood. His requisite arteries, snapping in two. Delure. What I had just witnessed was a heated interaction between the two predominant factions playing God within these walls. The anger of a nation, culminating in thrice. Dripping morose, uncanny in refuge upon the crimson surface of the polished battlefield which prayed to be free. According to the company accord, you were either an orange-back or a blue-back. A bottom-feeder or a cut-throat liar. I suppose I'll explain the rest.

The orange-backs maintained the Machine of Profit™. They were hardened loyalists with an obsessive personality, fanatic in their pursuit for operational perfection. Precise in both name and practice, they decisively documented, studied and lauded over every single aspect of the Machine of Profit™ in an entire library full of arcane functions. Tested and praised for their striking simulation of reality. Thrifty scavengers, they have been known to survive for weeks on end without nourishment, prepared to suckle the tepid moisture of their weary foes. All in all, they were considered the ultimate servants to the establishment. Introverted cogs of divine certification, vaticinal in their ability to optimise even the most basic of algorithms. The orange-backs were lead by a pale autistic child who bore tiny little keyboards for fingers, going as far as to have his frail body fused into the Machine of Profit™ itself, dependent upon its operation for his survival. He was widely known as the Son of Machine™.

The blue-backs on the other hand were the very source of the Machine of Profit™ itself. Privileged emissaries whom kept its precious profits flowing in a ritual sacrifice known as the Accordance™. At the precise dot of every hour, two blue-backs would be chosen from the chantry by the High Priest of Profit™, to have their naked bodies fed into the machine and mashed into a chenille collagen of viscous halcyon, stamped and compressed into company credits, carelessly proliferating margin into the ever-growing stream of company profit, second only to the machine's ever glowing aura of revenue and surfeit. A beautiful death in the eyes of the communion, it was the sole duty of the blue-back to churn, and be churned. Their cheer awash with the twady vigour which kept their faces in deep attention with the profit which made them whole.

Yet, in spite their integral necessity as a whole, the backbone of respite, the blue-backs and the orange-backs despised each other with a passion which divided the office into an obliteration of Obsidian woe. They believed that they alone could bring greatness to the machine, hindered only by the actions of their opposing brethren. Like an unruly adhesive of fire and ice, attempting to dislocate the very oxygen sustaining its complex existence. Although, perhaps the cancellation was by design. A competitive farce which extended all purpose beyond its original conception, leaving the resplendence of the machine intact, while the world around it faded into an unlit conflict of tenebrous proportion. Ultimately, only the Machine of Profit™ knew.

Admittedly, I didn't really understand the whole she-bang. I barely even wanted to be here, let alone surround myself in the politics of Christ. I was merely a sloucher with a dip. A leech in the system to be powdered in casein and stashed away come tax time. Neither useful, nor indispensable. A self-sustaining pile of inconsistent trouble, enough to make my existence seem worthwhile, yet not radically out-of-order enough to appear disruptive. Another drifter with a shoe for a sock, cause the paper ain't gonna push itself, sweetie.

In the fluorescent blindness of the tangled overhead lights above, the refraction of the sun beamed its warm hues onto the cluttered mess preoccupying my desk. A welcome touch to the hundreds of unanswered emails lurking within my mailbox, sizzling in the heavenly bask of the great big ball in the sky, deciding night and day without even a quandary of discord. Warmth was a considerable commodity in this office, forever displaced by the orange-back's desire to be thawed into a flawless image of cognitive certainty, in conflict with the blue-back's inherent misandry for molten cleansing. Pushing aside a folder of printed pamphlets, I sat patiently in my chair, staring at the clock on my computer screen, just about ready to get right back up and head home.

"Hey, did you hear about the updated deadlines? I swear, it changes daily," Milo remarked, dispassionate at the seams in an untied flurry of sex hair and dorky conversation.

"I have no idea," I respond, intense in my desire to remove myself from her presence. As much as I wanted to shove my hands into the seam of her dress, as I suckled her perched nipples with the length of my tongue, it was yet another painful distraction from the thousands of clammy decisions grappling with my brain, leaving me in a superfluous state of ceaseless employment. Handling itself inside the dopamine-sized pockets bursting with elation inside my head. Sour with lament. Pour the brandy onto thy castle and deliver thy swine from thy depths of swell. Oh, ever-so swellish indeed. I was man born to win. To gather and disperse in complete declaration of the intent which I commanded like Turkish hellfire from the wrath of the Dardanelles.

Well, at least a fraction of this would hold true if the dreaded excess of work didn't also lead to an almost debilitating level of self-harm, now manifesting itself into a compulsive desire to gouge your own bladder out with a disposable plastic spoon, left ever-so keenly in the office kitchen for such prying eyes to declare. A symbol of millennial martyr in thy duty of unreasonable stress, delegated ever-so softly as a personality disorder with just the right amount of sparkle n' jazz to keep the leadership in a-buzz. Crinkle n' cut, slader. It's time to anneal those wounds n' call it a day. I gaze out into the foray of wild desks, admiring the fibre glass upholstery shimmering in the distance. I was sad to be alive.

"Well, it's a bit ridiculous, don't ya think? Anyway, I'm going out for a fag. Could I tempt you to join me?"

"You know I don't smoke."

"I saw you drunk at last year's Christmas party, Peter Pan. Slingin' yourself around like a desperate chimney. I have eyes, Mister," she accused in a playful taunt of crass notoriety, dangling a rolled cigarette in an alluring transgression of heist, sully from the tip of her fingers. Toes in motion, she pranced out of the room and into the foyer, exercising her petite silhouette through the light ethereal fabric adopting her skin, causing all sorts of devious mischievous within my mind. Well, I only knew all this because I decided to follow her out into the lobby, out of my designated slaughter pen and into her colloquial embrace, in dire need of a light and a cigarette. Women really were the worst, and I think she knew it herself. At the very least, it'd help kill some time.

Below the stark corridors of the cubular profit centre above, bore the 20th-century imprint of the methylated industrialisation which had ravished the construction workers of youth. An underground carpark the size of a 60,000 seat stadium, empty in its glorious presentation. That was, empty aside from an old 1956 Holden Station Wagon which had been kept in immaculate condition since its inception. A subject the orange-backs aggrieved in hoards, as they sat there in their muted orange suits, huddled in a sanctimonious profess of technical agility, licking discarded batteries by the bucket-full, afloat in an electrical buzz of drained competence. Eager to strike at any moment in a queer outburst of pan-fried lubricant. We skirted around the faint seethe of their activity, sure not to disturb their unrest, as we made our way to our designated spot next to the company ashtray. Oh, how you would love to learn about the company ashtray.

"Ah, well, well. My sunken child. Ol' Ditto. It looks like the fatal grape has followed this hasty seed." She passed me her pouch of tobacco, le port royale, fit with an assortment of crinkled papers and circumcised filters. Excited in the presentment that I, her fatal grape, were to smoke tobacco with papers that she personally touched. Allowing me to inhale her essence in my every breath, and incorporate her linger into the depths of my soul. The perfect excuse to inhale, if ever there were one. Inherently, I always found something sexual about smoking. No different to masturbating or crying, in a casual degrade which suffered no explanation. A modern suicide pact for today's young people to enjoy. Poorly-rolled and in full contempt of my fingers, I took a long drag of my cigarette, placing my calm besides me. Loosening my lips with an emerging enthusiasm. Pittering in the ensuing cough.

"So, how did the meeting with the editor go? Same cunt as the last one?", she remarked, as she took a long squinted drag of her elongated cigarette.

"Pretty much. He was a bit of a nut-job."

"Hey, at least you didn't have to blow him. Unless if you did, then I totally understand why it went sour."

"Listen. It's hard delivering half-chewed cock in the back of a Chinese restaurant, especially when your mouth is covered in tom-yum sauce." She giggled. I loved it she giggled.

"At the very least you're passionate about something. I can barely decide on what toast or cereal for breakfast. I think you have something special."

"Ah well, you know how it is. Churn in, churn out."

I wasn't sure if love quite described how I felt about Milo, but there was something fun and magical which would coarse through my body each and every time I spoke with her, trickled by an uncontrollable surge of attraction, forcing my eyes to glisten in a glee of transparent sincerity. Our hilarious banter. The way she would punch my arm whenever I would comment on her silly hair. Maybe it was because she was the only female I spent more than 30 minutes with each day. That for sure, was certain. Yet perhaps we had something more. Something tangible which could be spelled out with words. For a few seconds we both stood there, staring the ground in reflection, admiring the silence of each other's obscurity. Keenly unaware of each other's feelings. And yet although the peaceful composure of my cigarette put me at ease, nothing could have prepared me for what would happen next.

"Do you ever think about death?", she asked, catching me by surprise.

"Not really. Probably no more than most people. Why?"

"Like, let's say we were trapped down here and we only had five minutes to live before the building collapsed and crushed us. What would you do?" Her question made me anxious. Like having needles forced through my liver, in an exercise of pre-marital self-care. Obviously, I would fuck her. But if it were that easy then I probably wouldn't have any self-esteem issues. She approached me slowly and dipped her finger into her mouth, ditzy in a gesture of blue. She was all in.

"I'd probably, uh..."

"Would you fuck me?", she unveiled, licking the outline of her lips with her dry tongue, gazing her eyes deeply into mine, as if to suggest we were one. Vulnerable in her childish voice, whispering her words with an intricate frown, as she approached closer and closer towards me, before eventually holding her hand out to the tip of my chin.

"...and hold me, and tell me that everything was going to be okay as you rammed my tight little pussy with your giant cock?" I bit my lip.

"Yeah. Probably that." My heart pounded into a schizophrenic drumbeat of restlessness. What had just happened? Was this real? Was this finally happening? In a sense, it felt like we'd both been feeling these things for a while, although in reality, it felt more like being eaten alive by a Lion. My arms limp from the impact-trauma of smashing my head against a rock, as its large teeth tore through my legs, snapping bone n' blood into a sludge of stomach acid. I was both afraid and excited, with a dash of confusion to spread drama throughout my entire central nervous system. Largely, I wasn't even sure if she was being serious.

"Then take me out this Sunday. Will you do that for me?", she gasped, before returning to her former self. Wise and unruffled in an equanimous stance.

"Yeah, sure. I can do that. I would love to do that. Do you have my number?"

We chatted casually about key deliverables on the elevator ride back up to the kitchen, subtly shaken by the events prior. I still didn't quite know what to think of what I just experienced. It felt in part as if I'd died and gone to heaven, yet it was an event which also filled me with anxiety. Was it even real? I couldn't help but feel that something traumatic had happened, even though it invigorated me beyond all words. Yes. This was a good thing and I was finally going to fuck her in reality, as opposed to in my sex dreams. The one thing which I'd never actually considered. Maybe that's what made me afraid, not matching up to those lofty expectations I'd set in stone. I didn't want to delve on it any longer. I just wanted another cigarette.

The kaleidoscopic walls of the office building blended itself into a tangerine muse of teak stripes and amusing spaces, as I sludged my way back to our office area. Milo decided to pick up a coffee and a grin in the kitchen, her two modern staples which kept her regular. She stood there with her legs crossed, passing me a smile at me as we both waited for her coffee to brew. Hoping she wasn't secretly crumbling inside, ready to run outside and into on-coming traffic.

And then there was tonight's arrangement. Another interpersonal hurdle to overcome in this delorian urchin of lavish joy. Hoot. Hoot. Ho.

