# family.

<!--
A ten-ounce packet o' Hershey's sperm. That's all it takes to ruin a household. One faulty dig into nature's great big ol' sack o' genetic fanaticism, splendid within the pseudoephedrine-encapsulated collaborations encrusting sin around the outline of your mother's vagina; a relative cum dumpster of fire and pre-maritime froth, participating in the ooze of father's industrial-strength facial cream. Farewell, we roth in a baste of thy sin. An ode to the eroding hopes and dreams of thy children not yet born.

Oh, golly gosh. It seems we've just described a cunt, as we continue to pickle n' loam at the coquette mannequin drowning in the huzzah of a candilicious splice; daffle at the misery you fuck, my dear child, like a peppermint rendezvous at a Chinese bordello. Involving a three-year technical specialisation in al fresco self-abuse, along with a tempestuous Cert IV in the erroneous art of counterfeit puppeteering, it appears your fortunes have been generously funded by the Catholic Cum Laude and their pack of Irish henchmen. Hallowed by thy pleasure. Shant be thy name. And for those less fortunate and undeserving of the inconspicuous price of college, a thirty-two ounce bucket of ejaculate is all it takes to push n' pull through our beautiful fuck-thing, as our dashing pre-star announces her untouched body to the presence of fifty-two young emotionally-jacked men. Pumped to the brim with imitation testosterone and disc jockey enthusiasm; cascade in a panoramic anxiety of knucklehead casualty n' enigmatic violence. A daring challenge for this new generation of Ikea-inspired holes, designed solely to fit three fingers n' a vape for use in-between Russian clit lectures.

I always wondered if I'd have a piece of this one day, as I stared out of the illuminated train windows and into the rolling hills of splendor. A mere evening touch upon the lush green crust of suburbia, which upheld the mountains of concrete and inflated stock options breathing dust into the brown insoluble clay of our first people's home. Monstrous 60s' Brutalism. Communist Party Exuberance. These were the amiable foundings of a worthy few, perched forlorn by an incomplete set of Chinese housewives, confident in their feudal charm. Pure amalgamations of smog n' flesh to be paraded around like illegible cucks of efflorescent parrots, chattering away in their unpenned cantons with the ambling blather of a punctured tea bag. As they defiled the neighbourhood with their bargain-bin cardigans n' Worchester-stained smiles; sapless in their hearts' denial. The artificial lakes. The sprawling retirement. The orange provocative. Host to an extravagant display of finger-lickin' grandeur, thrust manic through a vision which held itself in fake competition with the avaricious cancer it identified as growth. Confined in a vacuum of its own moaning anguish; grumble to the marble countertop kitchens which weighed upon its behest. I walk past a pram constructed of recycled Norbertine children, as it whispered quietly into the infliction of the void for future generations to beware. Their fragile arms and legs were packed ravage into a frantic frenzy of kleptocratic privilege; tied and bound to the sequestering smirks of the supercilious Chinese men expressing callow at the height of their step. Bumptious in a drunken craze of opium and cabin repress. The homeless man to my left wears a gold jade necklace. Cock firmly erect at the thought of a five-star dinner, as he lay there demented in a hound of Trotskyite atrocity. A facade upon which stitched the delicate fabric of the Chinese upper-middle class and their lofty ideals.

The 21st Century Asian was a fickle creature which did not need what it saw, wanting only what it'd heard from the intersexual prejudice of a swivet albino. They were a Hollywood bonanza of Western desires; lovingly adored n' confirmed inside the steel-reinforced complex of a megalomanic childhood. To be exquisitely crafted by the brilliant tacticians of foiled bitterness which squirmed from their mother's spoilt breast milk, as a second-hand reminder of their own materialised inferiority. Then from the corner of my eye accelerates a white base-model Mercedes Benz, ramming into the curb without a callous of suspicious intent. Entirely paid for with company fraud, transporting what was later identified to be the idled wretch of a dead daughter's fetus. As its embryonic tendrils hurled towards the windshield in an acrimonious splatter of percolate fortune, seething upon the scalding backseat of a hot summer's regret. Another languid leathery detail for the gangrenous toothpick of life to repent, for the base-model Mercedes was a counsel of status for the hoary Asian man stalking the inglorious outskirts of these treacherous suburbian streets; fit in a prophylactic redundancy of sexual arousal n' crossed metaphors, ferrying what appeared to be a heavy lead pipe n' an irrational desire for hard liquor. Wifebeater on. Military haircut engaged. Cigarette in the lop of an unidentified ear; legs spread wide across a coriaceous plate of Hungarian túró, to be slopped round' the mouth with a dollop o' hoisin purée. The suburbian asian man was little more than a walking high-rise of plastic duty. Anatomy paid for in cheap sex and even cheaper dinner meals, just like mother ordered when Chiang Kai Shek and his nationalist gang kicked down the front doors of her elastic forebode. Distraught to the face. Rape to the floor; a yellow collective of misogynistic employ. Me so sorry.

As I approached the rickety gate of the unkempt weatherboard estate, I couldn't help but notice the surreal elongation of my cosmos. The elasticised walnut. The eroded purple. Thistles the size of cabins, entrenched upon their positions along a would-be brick parchment of trial n' fear. Battleground to an overdue kingdom of inner-suburbian mice, whom under the delegation of God, had invented war and religion with the degenerate mew of an invertebrate Jew. Succulents and cacti of every kind, retrofit into an assortment of smashed pots and non-stick pans. Braced along a poorly-paved driveway, seemingly held together by particles of cinder n' refined palm oil. As their molecules flourished n' churned into a chemical absolution of sanctified degrade; consent to wither n' perish amongst the dust n' ice perils which lay ahead on this journey of descent. Subject to the quell horrors of the tantamount soak resting pale beneath my feet; schisming recidivous in a open seizure of tumble n' decay. Raring to swallow me into its posture of resolute caxon, as my eyes grew weary of the front facade declining my ability to default. It truly was a post-mortem construction of shackled aggrievances; a sick sympathy of existence, praying at the border for its ethos to be drowned n' washed away. I quietly made my way along the breach of the smouldering house, as I fettered in through the backdoor in hopes of being avoided; knowing deep-down inside that I was merely postponing the barrage of not-quite disappoint which was certain to come my way. For this was the house of my mother.

Admittedly, I wasn't particularly keen to kick the dirt with Mammy Madras. A coarse judgement of moistureless tree-sap, slathered n' smeared onto the mummified corpse of a freeze-dried Tibetan whore. Operational only in the sheer amount of high thread count linen required to prevent the awful stench of yesterday's lingering bamboo cookware, ferment to a homely intuition of Tuscan crustaceans and week-old diverticulosis. She was neither a mother by name, nor in the tradition of a convoluted metaphor to be pondered at gun point whilst screaming into the barrel of a loaded gun. For it takes love and understanding to create a mother; two things I lived without. Neither by choice, nor by compass. In fact, I felt little of the clattering pile of bones and ash which spoke such misfortune, with exception to the seeping animosity which bloomed like a pond of algae in reins of my heart. Suffocating all life below in an attempt to survive the paltry misforgivings of a bunt wretch. Succubus to my world, she was nothing more than a sully pair of slapshot hands, pushing and shoving me towards the human equivalent of an emotional meat-grinder. Forget the hugs and the postulate encouragement every young man yearned for in his time on earth, and lay welcome to a new duopoly of ecclesiastical autocracy. With our King of back-handed compliments and our Queen of soul-piercing atrophy, paving our way forward towards a faulty expedition of stifling insecurity and suicidal thoughts; packed elegantly into a used condom to be assisted with your new-found insecurity for motherly love. As you sit idly by with a dead cupid in your hands, creatively discovering new ways to feel helpless within the annihilation of your own self-assurance. Later to be confused with the primordial lust you conjure at even the slightest hint of affection; your brain and me, voted most likely to part ways and never interact again. Put simply, she was never around to care.

Instead, I was strictly to be used as her subject of comparison to the infinite marginalisation of her boundless tyranny, like an advisory board of curdled chutney, to be diced n' sautéed into a Crème brûlée of pickling torment n' pulverised tastelessness. It was in the grain of her blood to pursue persecution, demention and imprisonment. To embrace the thin strands of judgement coursing blue through the enhanced optic pathways of her hardened arteries, in what a doctor once described as an ephemeral stew of caustic joy. In her eyes, and by the power vested in me by the design of nature itself, it was impossible for me to meet her sculptured standards irrespective of how hard I tried. My intellect. My genetics. My innate ability to feel. All notable concerns on this creaky prize-wheel of informal mother-son assessment, to be carefully decomposed and decremented into a decree of supple factuality; caught in an unending loop of fatal incomprehension, that even God himself would ruin. It was in her duty to insistently measure and customise my self-esteem to the sieve of her lavarous attention, iterating my existence so that I could better fit her ideal image of a son, if only so I could just be that little bit more unobtainably taller. Akin to the awe n' beauty of a broken leaf. Crisp in a vat of blistering expectation. Trapped inside her matrix of unrealistic criterion. Holding on, only by the synapses taunting you awake.

Thankfully, she was also getting older. As her greying hairs dominated the narrative of her unremitting attempts to remain relevant within the wrath she once bore with violence; eyes in sway like an aging tiger. Too weak to pull at the strings controlling her perception of the world around her, yet so completely comfortable in the conviction she wore with pride. In other words, she was a cunt with a duck for a face.

"You're late!", larks a small upright figure. Face like a porcelain horse. Spatula in hand. Ready to strike at the given.

"Fuck you," I respond in an immediate thrash of anger. At least that's what I wish I'd said, as my mother's viscous glare pervaded into the enusing silence of my buffeted despair; desperately attempting to seep from my mouth with the patent oxidation of an emotional creep. Prophesied to enact justice on thy foe. Perhaps it would serve as an impalpable excuse to knock her two front teeth out with the force of my bare knuckles; an opportunity to throw her stunned corpse into the full retirement of a disguised wood chipper. Chirpity. Chirp. Chip.

And without remise, kneeling in faithful gratitude for thy Newtonic elements of our heavenly sun, was her helper. A frail old Estonian man with the Stockholm rattan of an affectionate cat. The lord of preach and denial. Older, married and unsuitably kind. Neither lover, nor friend. Neither quaint, nor pretend. A farce. Newel. Amend. I never quite understood the relationship that the helper incurred from my mother. All I knew was that he was one and that she was infinity; the kind of doe-daddy calculation applied-statistians stared at in contemplation of wowzer suicide. With the wicker of jealous potato, he continued to kneel by her side in adoration of thy cretin scum. Gripping. Sowing. Fortifying the caress of his very leash upon the mortified penance of a single-use shopping bag. To car. From shop. To bin. A deception of human evolution. Fall.

"How can you TREAT your own MOTHER like this!? Do you even know how much MY time is worth?" I suppose her response summarised the relationship she sought in the mechanical exchange of matriarchal contracts n' ptolemaic titles our mouths had come to perfect; quantified by one's own failing ability to cease n' desist. It was a regression of love. Another sad case of right time, wrong hole. Dull me, honey.

A ruse. This woman was a ruse. A pseudo-salad concoction of infallible consumption; the mollifiable indifference between both plain and pleasure, to be misconceived n' shoved down one's throat to the spalling grind of one's burst stomach. Requiring not one, but two guns n' a bullet o' nine to rectify the blood n' guts sprawl along the open cassidy of this severent sidewalk. And although I knew it in my heart, and within these bones which deprivation had lived, it yet remained unreasonably difficult to abstain from the one thing which I'd spent most my life helplessly in disorder. The influence of my mother.

As I continued to gag in silence to the squall of her parakeet burble. Coping with her rankle attenuation in the only way I knew how, by consulting with the gentile brothel of care which laid upon my preschool desk in the form of a screen; an esthetic abstraction which had kept me far more engaged with the inconvenience of my own life, than her harsh words ever could. The screen, my digital palace of exhort, was a place for meals to be relished n' purged without the incessant precaution of judgement from thy rutilant mother. A place where my feelings of inadequacy could be washed away amongst a pixel haze of hyperphallic euphoria; where my mind could be stretched n' burned like a taut violin in wholeful neglect of the deluded femininity which streamed across my face in a static interaction of colourful smut. To be laced n' chewed with the savorous paranoia of a rabid monk. Click. Click. Crunch. Curated communities of mutilated chests n' cosplay vaginas dangle in unison as a wholesome cure for the crippling anxiety currently presenting itself by the mouthful; wane against the totality of your vision, as you attempt to surmount a mammoth-sized strap-on onto your child-sized knee. Satisfying your quench for the cradled inclusion which siezes your mind with the confection n' flash of a befuddled harmony. Waxing in glee. Correctively at ease.

The screen was just there. 24/7. Happy to guide you into its fantastic lust-filled self-proclamation of sex n' whore; delightfully tweaking your most fundamental ambitions into a porphyric inclination for cinematic affection, just as daddy desired. Long gone were the ancient cum-ridden rituals of blowing some fat-fuck within the shuttlecock confines of some late-night gas station restroom, in order to witness your first set of silicone breasts on the greasy centrefold of some over-permitted Playboy magazine. Instead, in were the restless nights of orgasmic schadenfreude n' twee insensitivity. As a young child sits cross-legged in his room alone, awaiting the nightly pop-up of his favourite cam girl to appear online; if only to feel the warmth n' embrace of her picture perfect smile transposed vividly upon the image of his immolated mother, as the cam girl looks directly into the young child's in the eyes n' squirts her distressed breast milk all over her stream in a candied exasperation of heartbroken joylessness. And thus, we welcome our new de facto parents to the world; a semi-pregnant teenager with a pair of fake tits for a passport n' a box o' Kleenex in this new life of Valkyrie pleasure. As the young child pinches his sticky fingers together in a witness of unholy relegation, now clamoured n' burnt like an administrative set of bleached popsicles with the fretful expiry of an abject languor. Mind in awe of the limitless potential of thy chiral titillation; buffetted by the frigid isolation of his hugless existence. As the young child continued to masturbate to the audible gargle of his mother's cordless mouth, while she worked tirelessly to please the entire executive board of a major retailer in the bedroom over.

At first it was mesmerising. Glamourous. Eyes captured in the upbeat trend of a grandiloquent sith; dilatin' n' dartin' round' the screen in morbid fixation with the pupilous keywords triggering their lore of repress. Fuck. Gauche. Death. Untimely upon the horrific calamity of an Emersonian slut drop; resplendent with the hokum narrative of a Tourette plum. Nigger. I witness a small girl in thigh-high tights flash her child-like vagina in an inconsequential display of hepcat voyeurism. The eyes spark. The ribaldry molls. It is class. We are class. As she glitters in the brilliance of her cerulean madness, now restraining your crave without even a hint of recognition. A joker. A need. A rhubarb. A seed. A lethargic reminder of your own stunted disrepair, as your mind enclaves into an overwhelming bombardment of obscene destitution. The rape. The pleasure. The Lithuanian chokeholds. The brutality of torture n' poly-amorous anthropomorphism, tossed dally into the sweaty paws of a paedophilic furry suit, designed suitably to endure enough disenfranchised cocks to murder a small horse. As a veneer of orphaned children are forced head-first into the fledgling fuck-storm of a medicinal opiate crunch; fists shoved so deep into so many tight holes, that even the coroner could barely identify which hole belonged to whom. This was life, and life was me. We were one, so go run free.

I sat quietly at the dining table next to the helper, as he attempted to bite his ankles with the death grip of a submissive squirrel; agitated by the scars which traversed across his face in an imperfect spiral of manic indecision.
Tenderly curled to the implicit clutch of his omelette fingers, which bore the word 'slave' in traditional Chinese.

I didn't quite know how to respond to the helper's smitten barm of deranged twitching, other than to shrewdly advert my eyes at the infumate snuff which interlaced his gums in a bechamel twine of vagabond roulade; haemorrhaging confidence by the trench full. Conveniently, mother's yelling interupted the dissolute linger of our muted conversation.

"Why aren't you helping bring food to table!?"

"Alright, calm down. I'm coming."

"Don't tell me to calm down! I am your mother!"

Hauling with me a black-bean slurry laden with enough dehydrated corn-flour to kill a small child n' what seemed to be an assorted array of roasted porcupine, was at least enough familial nutrition to keep my mother's babbling at ease. The helper on the other hand, had passed out at the helm of his chair in a nicotine mist of phasel hoarfrost; too long had mother been gone from his side to deal with the stark reality of non-comfortist dysphoria. And then, it was mother's turn to join us at the table. And then, we ate. And then, not a word more was spoken nor could be predicted from the alliaceous tart of her cadaverous mouth, as the harrowing radars of the north attempted their tempest to detect even the slightest hint of judgement from the bouche of her cree. Spoon. Porret. A gingery cocotte of rice tumbles into the chipolata of my potato; parsnip against the besiege of a guttle radish. As its leafy posterior envelops my lungs in an ulcerous saturation of dyspeptic alteration; mind prefixed on grabbing mother's face and shredding it along the outskirts of the bourgeois brick wall outside. As the suet bark of my libertine lounge tripled-thin across the interior of my yogurt mouth, spiraling decadent into the modern arcadia of 17th century bellini reform. Usually, our meals were accompanied with the kind of carob silence that only gangbangers n' marauders could afford. In fact, the only time we ever spoke was to argue over the impassivity of our words, generally in criticism of my character not being more like hers. Oh, my delicious child.

Admittedly, I didn't know much about my father. And consequently, he didn't know much about me. Certainly, my father was more of a blur than a Flaubert curiosity; another scapegoat to appease my mother's abject failure to nurture beyond the belch n' emanate of her servile screech. Instead, I was forced to become my own father; my own intransigence piece of shit to be reduced at the public denouncing of the Cambridge English Dictionary to the hysteric approximations of an obstinate vacillation. Epithet. You. Shall.

"When you are you going to have children," she blurts with the rattle of a hunched sorcerer. Fish-bone stuck in tooth; awaiting some kind of lengthy apology for the dipolar of my existence.

"I don't know," I respond. In most cases, I simply tried my best to internalise her seduced lyrics into an incomprehensible stream of chequered white noise. Tampered waves of subjugated trash; leaving my mind as quickly as they'd entered. And yet in spite of my ossification, I'd always championed the hope that one day she would experience some sort of Don Juan clarity, allowing her to truly understand the ingratiation of her own caged dwadiness. Like a hotpot of shrapnel, forever combusting into ever-smaller pieces that would eventually seep into the insides of her lungs; laud to a gaff fit of hardened-cum n' arsenal exchange.

"Are you so stupid!? Do you not care for your future!?" And then it hit me. The drop. The stature. Suspended in time for all of my ancestors to see, as plain as it had ever been since the onset of my birth. The rise. The power. The shore of distaste which hath angered my soul. Who was this hag, and who was I to put up with her garish phlegm? And what power did she have over me, contrary to the motion of my fist pummelling straight through the epicenter of her skull? My reaction was petulant. Resulting in what would soon become a molecular soup of accruing emotion; tumbling under the tipsy dissonance of a dichotomist's furor. Fraught with relegation at even slightest hint of opposition.

"Do you even care about your future!? Do you even care about your MOTHER!?" I couldn't take it anymore. The sound of her voice. The nature of her soul. The misery of her existence. For the first time in my life, I was going to tell her how I actually felt. And without a doubt, it was a moment I'd been awaiting since the dawn of time.

"Go fuck yourself," I shout.

Flowing with the elegance of a forest meadow, it was the kind of picturesque statement only those with a heart could understand. As she stood there with the face of an 800-pound gorilla; tempered by the acoustic determination of my valiant words. Utterly obliterating the ancient structures of tradition n' trust which had been upheld for so long, that not even the foundations time itself could remember it's calamitous origin. It was even enough to startle the helper from his deep slumber. Whom in a terrorised lunacy of cordon panic, ran towards the pantry to lock himself indefinitely from the corresponding silence obstructing his umbilical worldview.

Without a word to suggest, she stood there mired in her own speechlessness. Desperately seeking God to betrove the control which had fallen from her hands of Olympus, and into the Asphodel Meadows of the dead. As she scanned through the billions of backhanded compliments and repugnant idioms lay awash in her mind, to the subtle realisation there was absolutely nothing she could do to resolve this delicate situation. She was lost. Buried alive under the height of her own supple arrogance; tenuous within the anger which turned into confusion, and then later back into anger, in a last-ditch attempt to save the empire which she'd fought so hard to conquer. An iron fist turned to rust. And as much as she wanted to scream and shout into the void of my willing, those necessary words of triumph simply wouldn't conjure from the scales of her constricted rasp. She had broken. A woman no more.

I stood up from the table and walked out the front door, leaving my slippers behind me for the very last time. Smile engaged. Victory pursued. Happy. Sad. Bemused.

Purple parlours. Red houses. Caricature greys. An assortment of porous scars litter the well sought-after delicacies of a spontaneous splurge; frail to the voice of an American senior, as he approaches the imperiled body of an ordinary Chinese housewife. Strapped to the bulge of a torn yoga mat. Gracefully aging beside the electrostatic seal of an unopened bottle of plum sauce; succulent to the estranged touch of her pelt arms, rubbed raw with the hardcopy fabric of his written will. For the written will was the ultimate aphrodisiac for any young Chinese immigrant to begin involuntarily gushing from their gash in an inconceivable orgasm of irascible filth. As the Chinese housewife lay paralysed beneath the old man, shaking violently in a puddle of oriental discharge; eyes quivering querulous in a Pan American overload of mascarpone ejaculate. Soon to pronounce dead at 2:34pm. Death from white privilege.
-->
I wasn't quite sure how I felt in those ensuing moments, pinpoint to the loose diffraction of my limber tears. As they shrouded my eyes with a fluorescent concoction of spectroscopic light; blurring my vision against the desaturation of my emotion, which protruded from my heart like a parallax sphere. And although I could feel myself grasp at the recklessness of my actions, the persistence of my righteousness proved difficult to amend. As the opulence of the residential boulevard guided me towards the direction of my disdain. Several cars arrive at an extraordinarily fancy mansion to the left of my face; garden decorated in a topiary mess of yellow dandelions n' white pebbles. Reflecting a kind of Tennessee know-how in the Chinese horticulture of an upper-middle class mechanic. From one the cars appears a drunken camera crew, holding the corral of a giant metallic dildo in the shape of a plastic dragon; caramelised inside the aluminium canvas of a demiglace green choux. It was all part of a grand game they liked to call Wild Dragon, treat to the Shenzhen Steel Conglomeration n' their family of psychosexual signatories. It was a royal competition where the wives of Communist Party leaders would shroud themselves in the craggy red blankets of deceased Japanese revolutionaries, to then be stretched n' fucked with a symbolic chrome dildo in the shape of an imperial dragon. And for those that survived the 8-foot long beast in all its entirety, would be crowned General Secretary of their local party branch; forever bleeding from their orifices under the auspices of Communist Party greed. I doubt they could have ever imagined it any other way.

The suburban-bound train forced itself along its motionless tracks, facilitating my barren attempt to simply shut down and remove myself from the world. Was I bad person? Did I even have a choice? It felt as if I was part of some kind of definitive cycle of madness, a recipient of psychopaths and manipulative low-lives, born out of a never-ending chain of bad parenting and dialectic abuse. I guess everyone wants to be 'the one' who breaks the cycle, and today was either an ill-fated deterministic attempt at sealing my own genes into a house boat of future divorce, or I was going to truly make it as a human reincarnation of the guilt which pervaded my blood-line for thousands, upon thousands of years.

I receive a text in broken English, lamenting her feelings. I delete it in anger, and yet the anger is too much. I close my laptop and break down in a tidal wave of emotion. Perhaps the lady sitting in front of me would be so kind as to offer her hand in sex, as we gently made love to each other in a sobbing pile of gleep. More realistically, she would continue to sit there, awkward at the attention I was drawing, before sending an unremorseful text to her partner about how unbearable her situation was, suggesting that they order pizza tonight to cope with the ramifications. For now it was just me and this brightly-lit space, alone in the repetition of my stomach seizing up and my nose feeling like a leaky tap of foreign medical waste. Now trapped inside my senses. I had tasted what it was like to be free.

