# gun.

You stare at your wallet. Your wallet stares back. There's flashes of money but it's terribly lack. So you give it your lust. A sign for your love. An abundance of lithe and a home in your crust. For the loyalty of heart. For your new best friend. For a shuckle of mildew. In a chive of pretend. Yet your offering is paltry. Without charm. Without pride. As it lingers for a cure. A kick in its stride. So you worship these notes. The validation of their crisp. Upon a smooth lilac surface. Your suffer for a kiss. As you embrace its harsh judgement. Striking pickle n' fear. So as to be a better person. The one you call dear. It creeds. You blare. Our ceremony in dissociation. Amongst a decoration of colour and quantifiable misassociation. Fickle n' gold. The mystique of a millionaire. At a fraction of the lie, so your reality must bear. So now in your wallet. You notice nothing but jewel. Your wallet is lordship. The priest of your cruel. Tickle me lucky. Tickle me vain. The disdain of your linger. The savage of your pain. Curiously plith. Pity in its crumb. A venture of foam upon a lilith of numb. Your heart is devoid of culture.

The weekly shop. Danger's Harper Quinn. I walk past a packet of tampons. The beauty aisle. A menstrual sensation enthralled in the candid exasperation of a desperate lowlife. Murky is its affection. Remnant of nostalgia's golden trickle upon which dazzles a premium-grade dust, reminding you of just how clutch you truly are. I'd chew one of em' right now if they didn't remind me so much of Milo. Her erratic touch. The boiled ingenuity of a misanthropic mind, now washed against the afflictive sleaze of a mindless triviality. I suppose I wanted to hold her. Embrace her. Call her nice things. Perhaps more than she herself wanted to be held or spoken to. In an ode to my own quixotic desires, now working against me in a defective ward of malevolent circumstance. Hospitalised. Inanity. Desecrate upon the basis of our one true love, as if to lock her away inside a blighted cage of impractical pursuits. Never to be realised again in this demolition of modernity. Stupid sop.

I think I should get chips. Should I get chips? I mean, have chips ever done me any harm? At least as far as I'm aware, chips have been a fantastic contribution towards National GDP. Well, except for fat people. And I mean, who wants to fuck a fat person? At least in buying this packet of chips, what I'm effectively doing is denying some huffer out there the opportunity to partake in the culnary equivalent of S&M. "Allow me to assist, fat whore." As I push aside some walking tub of lard who's become manic at the thought of using my precious potato as a fleshlight. Aaaaaaand, I no longer felt like eating chips anymore. Silly me.

I walk past a young couple. They seem happy. Healthy. Despair. Trapped in their own infalliable unreason. I respond to their success by plunging my hand into a bubbling vat of corrugated sherbet, drowning my sorrows in the creamy goodness of a pasturised opulence. Buttery grim. I trip on a shoelace. The ice cream tips n' slews down the exterior of my hand, matching the sultry temperature of my unearned scrutiny. Snapshot at the hip. I feel sick already. Svelte in the ambush of their jovial laughter. Deterred by all aspects of living. Satin. Maybe it was the feeling of co-existence itself, gluing to your flick in a capillary of munted clot. Slunk. That apparition of gurn n' chunk, skating down the crease in a rollin' cylinder of tempered tallow. Aurelia. Yet who was I? How did I fit into this scene, and who would be my other half? Perhaps I would have a shot at that young desirable stewardess standing over there by the toilet paper aisle, as we discussed which brand of towelette she prefered to succumb to the confectionery of her squirt. Consequently leading her to naughtily bite her finger in a playful sway, suggesting much more than would be reasonable in a mere supermarket jive. Perhaps I was simply destined to remained pauper in this perversion of public space, to be moistened by a senior with the clorox of a dishrag. I continued to stew in my unending jealousy, alternating between pudding and sadness. Lost in this moment amongst time. Harrowing for something cheaper.

I grasp at a cup of two-minute noodles from the international aisle, wishing instead that it was a mentally unstable girlfriend. Bulimic in her twine of shattered bulsa wood, forgiving in the pneumonia rotting her lungs. Although I suppose noodles offered a similar comfort to women, twiddle n' warmth in their long deciduous strands, as they curl around your tongue in a yellow melt of fine-grained perfection. Supple in its muddy kiss along the scent of one's throat, like a tender lover's liaison in the grand hotel of a five-star luxury suite. Then I thought of Milo. The curse of my inconsummate. The cure to my dread. Inanimate in its writhe shapelessness, as her absence beseeches my body to sink further into its interior. Alveolated for all its worth. Both petrified, yet ambivalent. To be reimagined in a waucht quaff of satanic fear, hurtling down the cavity of your neck with the hinderance of its revere. Stark in its astraphobia. Seltzer fantastisch. I assured myself that everything was okay. Perhaps Milo would appear from behind the vast refrigeration of milk to deliver me my care, with a smile thrown in for good measure. Of course, she simply never appeared. But thank god the apple pie was on special, because it now meant I had an excuse to eat the week-old cream in the fridge. Crisis averted.

"Maintain minimal function," flashes the menacing teleprompter inside my head. HA. What a fool. Although peppy in my remark, it was evident I hadn't entirely lost my sarcasm; an American staple akin to pouring ketchup upon an impromptu bed of al dente mac n' cheese. The stomach churns. And yet, an anomaly appears from the corner of my eye. The discarded esthetic of a invalid coffee cup, presumably abandoned by a teenage mother on the prowl for some 50 cent diapers. How lovely. The sin is clear. Utterly ignoring my intuition for ordinal waste, I lunge towards the grunge. I geese. The cup is still warm. It soothes. I place my lips around the remaining smudge of lipstick left on the edge of its crumpled lid, pretending as if it were the dissolute of her scandalous mouth, pressed passionately against the wrong of my nose in a fantasy of unscrupulous romance. A bedlum of precum emerges from my pants. It soaks. I feel dirty. Alone. I want to cry. But I'm already surrounded by sadness. I scuttle.

Ultimately, it felt as if it wouldn't have made much of a difference if I'd simply perished. Right here. Right now. In amongst the fresh produce of leeks n' limes jeering at the jazz in my soul. Encouraging my trample upon a stampede of ripened avocados eager to steal, rape n' pleasure, as I conveniently fade away into the ashes of these inexpensive shoes. Screaming in a sandy lethargy. Despondent. I needed to concentrate. Pronto. The teleprompter flashes again. "Oh, shut up," I shout into the cavity of an empty shelf. Crap. An older lady throws me an odd look before returning to her shopping trolley. Confused. I'd been caught. It was time to edge. Bounty. With a firm grip on my narcissistic plea, I curb. Swallow. My salivia beats begrudgingly against the clap of my jaw, initiating a subtle plantain for southern violence. I stomp my way through each aisle, fighting the presence of my thoughts in a chasm of pre-harvested fear. Conveniently left in the capable hands of consumerist advertising, as it guides me towards mother's ideal arbitration of nutritional affairs. The cramp is real. My fate is proceed.

Although I wasn't exactly sure why I came to the supermarket in the first place, it was neither the time nor place to be asking such gruel. All I knew was that I was king and that this was my jungle, ready to be ravaged in the disinterest of my assay. My foot takes one step into what seems like a vernacular of aluminum n' toast. Impaired upon an illusion of sheen ghostliness, parity to the loneliness of these infirmary white aisles and their gloss duclaire. As they radiate an unrelenting eleutheromania into the cornea of my eye, incinerating bacteria in amongst a cardboard city of blue n' neckwear. Drifting in amongst the discount stickers of countless ration, begging artfully for your glee n' boutique. The cautious is fair. The aisle is plenty.

I delegate my hand towards a canister of bastard coffee, placing its sublime tin into the temptation of my basket. Suffering under the ever-growing tenderness of my payload, as it weighs me down under its irresistable hunch of mud n' horse breath. Tilting my stitch; lessened by the volume of its straw. Spilling time over into the gawp of my dietary pittance. Poultry. Meat. I needed meat. Hardy beans upon a five-course stallion of spalled nails. I wanted to be a real man with a real pair, like a hunk o' skunk gone gnawin' through a steady chain of solid proteins; brash with a side o' neurasthenic glue to hold the fucker down. Squirm. We cherish. We square. I yank my basket forward in a jocular struggle of immense proportion, as the leaning shadow of a roasted chicken confronts me. Grabbing me by the throat in an impetuous deathmatch to the end. Cutting my wiring with the rhapsody of a sex offender. Daring me to breathe under an aromatic disparity of citrus n' marmalade preserve, slashing one's senses into a molten reduction of Orthodox Jew. Insinuous Gulag. Creamy pasta slag. The chef has declared himself bankrupt thus concaving my mouth into an uncommunicative liquidation of tarty flare. Wham! Bam! Fuck you, Ma'am!

Tins of reconstituted tallow invite my arteries into a underground debutante gall of grease n' vulgarity. Clog me, baby. Hold me n' fuck me into a co-op of shame. Privy me into a tomato mash of insatiable rage, homoerotic in its besotted miscare. Crunch. Crunch. Cunrhc. Forget the greens. The antioxidonts n' pick up a bunch o' yellows n' chow n' gloat it down sideways. You fuckin' mutt. The gook chokes. Another beautiful entry into the fountains of fraught being mottled by your larynx, purchased n' prepared with these tasteful hands of candour. Siphoning themselves through a network of heartaches even ol' Uncle John couldn't have known how to SCARE. Tatter tots were fair game, and although I was unsure as to how I was going to haul several dozen boxes back to my front door, I at least made the effort to upgrade my trusty hand carrier to a fully-fledged shopping cart. Mission accomplished, cunt.

I proceed to the checkout. A greasy teenager in tight jeans greets me. Her camel toe snarls back; grouched in a perinephritis of bad brie. Masticating under the pressure of an abusive father. Ulcerating in the moistened shrill of a pubescent displeasure. Taste like an acetone baby. My mouth dries like a Turkish prune. Her gunt glistens. Reflecting back upon the lacerated stripes of her purple arms. She's spaced-out like a fuckin' smurf. I certainly wouldn't have fucked her mother, that I was sure of. I didn't want my foreskin to malt. Disgust. I swallow the rescinded lump of corn in the back of my throat, allowing it to metabolise within the depths of my spine. It quenches an undying thirst. I observe. Her pudgy unkept body was like gazing into a disfigured projector. Dysfunctional in its lens. With lips the size of banana trees. Hair as mulled and as thin as a deceased whore on the cusp of payday. Clothed in the stench of dried cum, and not the cute kind you find on young children. She needed to be rinsed.

I grab an item from my shopping cart and I place it onto the conveyor belt below. A feminist's nightmare. She passes me a dry look. Contempt on a stick. Nice one, honey. Scarcely suffused in her passable outfit, she wanes at each approaching item, barely lifting her arms to greet the care of menial necessity driving her mind into the ground. Nutrition which she wanted nothing more than to smother her thick face with in residual n' call it a day. For a moment she stops and stands there, caught in a mind of cardboard. As she dreams of throat-fucking a freshly-cut cantalope straight from the hands of a rough industrialist. Nice n' dykie. Her camel toe loosens and soon, larges pieces of gunk fall out of her vagina and onto the floor below. What a glorious day to be alive in this half-wit dismay of redundant therapy. I make sure she doesn't crush the two-minute noodles with her gargantuan lesbian paws. I simply wouldn't allow it.

In noodles we trust.

Bright lights n' dazzlin' permutations. I was neither here, nor there. Lost inside the slipstream of a fernlike observation. Slurpin' what appeared to be a 30 cent cup o' Calder Joe's. The inferior granulose of a flocculent bean, flung callous against the cold chill of a resplendent respirator. Grindin'. Scramblin'. Tweakin' be thy grains. I could almost feel the numb of the coffee in the back of my tongue, like a cancer waitin' to happen in the tars of Muldoon. Crickety croak. My neck picks up. A regatta. Behind me. My silhouette follows. Captured in amongst my thoughts, a forgotten memory appears. Ah, ha! I place my hand in my left pocket, searching for a joint I rolled earlier in thez noon. It was like tryin' a find a needle in a gaystack. The homophobia really ROCKS it, ya know. I mean, maybe I'd receive one of them free NASCAR-inspired blow-jobs if I continued to pursue the intolerance. Gee. You know. You can really taste the wet in this cup. Golly. Where was Muldoon? Oh. Cunt. Fuck off Calder Joe. I'm sick of your disorganised sediment. The cup hits the bin, drizzling its fuck all over the floor. Gee. Sounds like a mall problem to me, as I scutter away in permanence. Fleet from the scene.

I hate the bean, and the bean hates me. Distract me, rabbit. A child runs towards his mother, exasperating his lungs to the repetitive tune of a radio jingle. Narcissistic cunt. Full of useless joy n' serene pronouncement. I despise. Taking a bite into his Jackie Bar, the young wizard looks directly into my eyes. Coy with shyness. The tension rises. I'd snap off his frail legs if I were man enough; using em' as chopsticks to parade out the fuckin' revolution until the reds rolled home. But he seemed nice enough. Kind. Fuck it, I'm going in. Watch out, folks. This crummy Asian valet has a degree, and he's not afraid to use it. The child is promptly brisked away by his concerning mother. Well, I suppose there was always next time. The mind lingers. I stare down into the spangle of my shoes, now covered in the laceless folly of a literary binge. There's leather to describe, as well as provisions of dirt to exacerbate n' pilfer. An easy target for grades four to five. The distract is strong. Clueless. I can feel it wriggle inside my heart, beating to the unhinge of my rapidly evolving thoughts. The eyes turn red. The pester of the occult. My heart beats louder. Textile in its expeditious fear. Shriek! Then in a sudden jolt of awareness, my head finds itself abrupt towards the ceiling of the grand auditorium. Overwhelmed by the vestige of its frightening embolden; the applaud of it's Proud Capitalism™. I had seized.

Digital screens the size of modern buildings, flashing blindly before your very eyes. Embalmed in an ever-burgeoning exhibit of sex n' violence, simulcast direct into the indifference of your blind. Gaffe with the unobstructed fluid of a carcinogenic augmentation, metastatic in its pornographic artifice of myopic intoxication. Transmitting pharisaic throughout the misshapen wires of your coiled skin; impeding your obstruction without even a rally of consequence. The red herring of thy swindle-inspired operation. Coup in its gold-plated Jewish morgues, littered throughout the premise in a Bar mitzvah of misdeed n' malice. The mall truly was a man-made pleasure to be thrust at all times, as it chips away at your soul for the meagre price of admission. Even your arm is to be negociated for a fair thrice; sliced vertically for all to enjoy. Plaid in its ravish tendrils, sloppin' corduous across a smorgasboard of cash spendin' for the whole family to employ. Need a fuckin' vacation? Well, our next available DILF will try his best to allure, as he scrapes the semen from his gaping asshole in an attempt to make you look swill. Tea shops. Sex shops. Chop shops. A repository for all kinds of goods, designed to infiltrate n' round amongst a loamy scrunge of monetary shangle. In the lies we preach. "2nd floor, and to your right." It was like a case of ostentatiousness intercourse without even the exchange of names. Thank god for used condoms. Anal would suffice.

Glancing my way through the overpriced stalls of the upper stratosphere, my eyes glimmer at a scene. I couldn't help but notice the splintered misfit of sexless teens, huddled together in a spleen of barrack mockery. Standing ironically outside the loiter of a gun shop; caught in a drain of innocence as their batteries depleted conclusively. Precipitate. Flounce. Salacious upon an orgy of cuddles, high-fructose cum n' tales of otherkin. Delorious in the word I seek; leech from the subside in their victimless merriment. I cough n' gawk at the chubby one. Pale as paper. Holding desperately onto the soft gruft of an oversized Pikachu; possibly a substitute for her botched self-esteem. Drawn from a life of charismatic negligence, as she bites her nails in the midst of a mid-week abortion. I could picture it clearly now. Her naked body, tarnished by the lens of a 90s' webcam. Featuring her misguided whore without the boast of a model. Bruised in the ledger of her decrepit vein, smothered down her arms in a consortium of varicose lasagne. The feeder was croon in her dark silk eyeliner; prudent by the mouthful as she gorged on her shame. I'm sure she would've fucked a child if she had the chance to; the heartfelt struggle of an incompetent teeny-bopper. If I were an adept pick-up artist I would have already swooped her glutton body by now, convincing her to exchange her hymen for a packet of trading cards. Illecebrous in her validation. The cunt of an overweight wildebeest.

Soon the girl loses my attention. Perhaps due to the wank I'd had approximately one hour earlier in the illicit bathroom stall of the contaminated suburban mall, as I tactically pressed my penis against the screen of my phone. A picture of my ex. Apathetic in the guilt which dripped from my pores in an unconcerning slop of muffled impotence. Instead, a Remington Model 870 pump-action shotgun catches my eye in the window of the artillery emporium. Certainly, recognising the model of which made me feel snappy n' smart as a consumer, even though the model was clearly printed on the window in a decorative chalk marker. Prior to which, I had no clue what I was actually looking at. My gaze evolves.

It seemed like the kind of gun that wanted to be held. Endured. Pointed at the forehead of another living being, in gratitude of my eroded patience. Troubled by the intense leverage being held in my hands, as I delivered the sound of a buckshot into the concern of its worried eyes. A feeling only permitted during the sustained bloodshed of an international war, or even the occassional honky of a Federal shootout. Of course, truth was that I actually knew nothing about guns. I mean, what purpose could one have with a firearm? An ordinance of solipsistic delight, potentially serving as a rite of passage for the consent of my insecurity. Governance to my objective as a male. Pleading to resurrect a feeling inside me which I never even knew existed. Irreversible in its punch. A symbol of status. The ultimate dare against my largely unarmed forebear. I was intrigued. Surrounded by memories of an ol' Western in the middle of the Nevada Desert. Scout upon the rolling hills of Route 405, fit for a stranger with a glock n' a gall for danger. An attractive thematic construct for the doubt to tremble; the perfect companion to my submissive wean. I was sure of it. I wanted a gun, and I didn't know why.

The chime of the shopkeeper's bell teases me; metallic in its passionless retreat. The rattle of my ear. Relentless in its prose. I falter at the clue. Although weary of my diction, I can feel that I'm being stared at through the numerical lens of the CCTV. My throat harbours a warbled paste. Perhaps it sees something that I cannot. Dior.

The illegible harangue of a bleated dyke. Her voice stands tall behind the range of the glass display, tart with the brawl of a brattish thumb. Now stuck down her pants amongst a cheerful spock of lint kept drawn to the glick of her cellotape thighs. Husk with the corpulence cough of a smoker's perspicacity. A lung protrudes from her dipled ribcage. Her eyes ensue. She spots me in plain view, flicking her alopecia to the side. Allowing her hair to flutter spate like a leopard with the prowl of a Yuletide deer. Her preference for men was clear. Old n' rusty; strewn from the stout of a heptane snus. My mouth turns black at the thought. The dyke was a paid tit-job n' a star-bangled tattoo, sloan across the chasm of her shaved asshole, as an oldie gobs into the tuff of her douche. Riding her cunt into the thick of the trailer, to be seared like the corpse of a burnt steak. A victim of childhood. Raped by some vertical segment of troubled wildlife; cashed in a dandruff frost which both withstood n' repelled. She was an ideological anarchist for the fans, knowledgable only in the art of drugs n' marital assault. Exactly the kind of person to knew their fair share about guns.

"What can I do you for?", she lends with a puerile smirk. Forearms on the cabinet of doom chock full o' grenades, weapons n' firearms. Sly in the knock of her chest, as if ready to snap at even the slightest comment of her physique. The resulting expression on my face was physiologically sterile. Clean as puke.

"I guess I'm looking to buy gun," I replied, unsure if it were okay to express such an intent.

"Well, what do you need it for?", she responds.

"Well I mean, I saw the shotgun in the window and I thought it looked pretty cool, and..." I could see her eyes hover with a languid deceit. Sure of its creation. Poised to deliver.

"I think I know what you want." The dyke takes two steps to the right, before placing her hand inside one of the glass displays. Pulling out what appear to be a revolver. A large revolver. It rattles deep into my soul.

"Smith & Wesson Model 10. .38 caliber round. Let me know how it feels." She places the gun on top of the cabinet display. It scintillates like a sheet of raw ice, cracking under the pressure of its own weight. Beauty in its groove. Delicate in its desire. The gun grips my nifty hand with the feeling of a rockstar. I liked it. I suppose if I weren't such a straight-shooter, I'd be pointing the sucka at her head without even a voice of hesttation, but I simply knew that wasn't me. She'd gut me within a heartbeat. Not with that kind of visceral lesbian strength. Laissez faire was an amateur. I could feel my neck snap. It was the weight of the revolver. Heavy as gun could be. Tactically so. Damn. I'd probably pistol whip the bitch if I weren't so depressed. Yes. I can feel it in my resolve. Squelchin' peelin' mango chevalier, drippin' glib from the cheek of my face. I hestitate fondly with the trigger in my mind. The growl draws near. 

"I think I like it," I remark. I wanted to shoot it.

"Would I be able to shoot it?"

"What are you fuckin' nuts? This is a mall, you tool. If you want to shoot it you'll have to take it to a shooting range. I'll write the address. Fuckin' idiot." She grabs a notepad.

"It's fine. I'll take it." I didn't really care what the gun sounded like, let alone whether it even shot at all. It was the simple act of not caring at all which made me feel powerful. God fearing, even. And I knew deep down inside that it was a feeling I simply could not live without. Neat in its moan. Exploratory in a feeling which both rose and exhalted nations within the flickering torment of its fugative evanescence. Knowing that I could be king at any moment within the cough of a trigger. The gun had to be mine. I sign the forms. I swipe my card. It bounces. I'm a loser. Her pink highlights sure were cute though, as I handed over a bunch of cash I knew I couldn't afford. Well, at least I felt plenty. Her lips weep with a tepid glow. Regal in its cynaide. It could have sworn it was high school all over again. The rampage had just begun. Fuck you mall cop. 

Groceries in hand like a single-income mother with a penchant for refinanced cigarettes, my wallet was broke and I was beginning to show it. A permanent sigh draws from my lungs, as the sadness rolled from my thoughts and into a linguine of tampered outcomes. Revolver, oh pretty revolver. Please shall you reveal my fate. 

