---
title: "work."
description: "This chapter describes his ideals of work, the receptionist, his workplace, his job, his love for Milo, date with Milo."
day: "Friday."
---
<!--
## Scene 1 START - Milo

### Work Introduction

In work we trust. A plutocratic orgy of totalitarian devastation. This week's solution to the rampant "black" problem. Mornin' coffee. Mornin' grain. Mornin' wank. Margarine's tainted folly of hardened bliss, as you attempt to pry the vogue from your eyes with a pompadour pickaxe at 5:20am in the chthonic. Tizzle n' rawr. Sizzle n' bliss. Diabolical in the mud which seeps from your gums n' fizzles into the heart of your Special-K. Inconveniently programming Lucifer's spurious twiddle into an undying commitment of well-behaved utility n' bacon-wrapped obsolescence. Shuckle up, bucko. It's time we cradle the flair.

### Touch Upon Editor Meeting
-->
Following this morning's disastrous ousting with the editor, I was truly in no mood to sort paper. Snort chaffer. Nor entertain the upper soiree with my two-time tap-plastic beat. What I truly wanted was a gun and a live-animal to contest with. An outlet to express the debilitating familiarity of my own psychological sorrow, as I proceed to empty an entire magazine of 5.56 mm hollow point rounds into the mouth of a docile creature. Preferably in front of its own fawn.

"Fuckin' Alakazam!" the hostess would then announce in honorary procession, referring to me solely as Big Akimbo™. As I stand there victorious in an uncompromising vision of success against the hardened tyranny of moral expectation. Its shrapnel-imbued carcass. To be chewed and held by the length of its hobble ears, compressed and then violently ripped apart into a slobbering gob of ravioli slosh; the coursing blood from its flimsy corpse, gushing and staining the taffy white-righteous chastity of my teeth. As I grin awkwardly into the sun to be captured in photographic memorium for future generations to inspire.

### Stuck Outside

Standing outside the office, I couldn't help but stare into the foreboding glass doors barring me from performing today's financial execution. With my work pass misplaced, I had no choice other than to remain completely oblivious to the emulsified stench of pork n' chive which emanated from the erratic ruffle of my coat to the dismay of the staff adjacent; eagerly loitering the car park for the very same reasons of casualty. Perhaps it'd fallen into the hands of a sultry Mr. Ming, pawning it as a barbaric relic to the fall of Western civilisation, in hopes of banishing the outer-reaches of thy round-eyed vermin. Although truth be told, I never quite knew where my pass was at any given moment. It was as if it were in a constant state of flux; lying dormant on my kitchen bench one moment, ready to placed into refuge of my pocket. Not a trace of it to be found the next. And yet in spite of the odds, it would always somehow reveal itself in the aftermath of the crisis, just when it was no longer required it.

Dazed and confused in the acidic gargle of my famished wren, I had no choice other than to consult the pea-sized grain of rationality subsiding within the disjointed hernia I recognised as my brain; that golden nugget of buxom ghee, lest consumed by the creeping anxiety of truancy now confiscating my ability to think. Was it in my best interest to force my way through the front doors in a sheer act of terrorism; an ode towards my fanatic devotion for hardline Capitalist production? Where were the freely-available messenger pigeons at this time of day, needlessly vain in their help of vocabulary during these dreary times of counsel? Perhaps the reasonable thing to do was to call my boss, and pretend as if I'd caught some sort of medieval disease which prevented me from understanding the core fundamentals of Excel. Ah, yes. A fine day's work is never quite truly over, as we collectively embrace the dribble-drabble affair that conspires to dabble us in the nonsensical pleasure of well-organised crime, lesser to the pagan beliefs you uphold as gospel upon God's almighty vision of care. As my mind continued to break down into a mechanical duet of outstanding perfection, mired upon a comatose palette of plastic purple laminate; air-tight in a vacuum of ever-lasting health, destined to be molded into tiny edible matchsticks for my cunning mouth to align. "Half a matchstick a day keeps ol' Maggie Jane away from clootching ye ol' heart monitor!", murmurs a fading voice in the back of my mind, somewhat delirious in the poorly-received intention seeping from my skull. Featuring your absolute best face in an orgasm even your mother couldn't sell, it was clear that my stomach craved sustenance. Feed me, please.

### Milo Introduction

"I'm guessing you forgot your pass again," approaches a pathless voice from the wide-open carpark fronting the technological fortress of workforce n' foyle. Judging by the snark prelude that reverberated from the tainted wisp of her words, there was no doubt in my mind it was Milo. Our goddess of whim. Our union of peach. And although I stood there with the face of a rock, paralysed by the tenure of her beauty, I truly wanted nothing more than to grab her astringent curls and fuck her senseless upon the rough surface of the crumbling asphalt below, until the cataracts in her eyes bled a fantastic green and her body whimpered into a pleasant glow of rainforest meets seaside.

"I guess I have indeed," quavered the anxious approximation of my mouth, as I stood there entirely enamoured with her presence. The thick drape of her body. The luna fascination of her twirls; tribute to the pierce duplicitous nature of her Armenian eyes, ready to lure, attract and quander at any given moment. Just as my heart desired. With a figure as slender and as elusive as the strands of time itself, she was everything I'd envisioned, and impossibly more. Emancipated in a deformed stock of cigarette ash and compact opulence, she was a treat of magnificience upon a coarse bounty of decaying sexuality. Deliberating sin amongst her honey-drenched touch of fine silk lace, designed to twist n' churn the senses into a debauchery of tautologically impossible shapes, and unforgiving sentences. She was everyone's casual fuck at an under-funded rehab clinic; cum dripping thin in a shower of condemning misery, as she scraped her bare body with the teal coral sponge her rapist had once used before. Shroud within the ripped veil of a velvet rouge dress, only for my imagination to see. Another arduous topic to discuss with my therapist, who most certainly would have disapproved of the past 3 minutes 23 seconds of my verbal existence. I mean, what would a lemon-suckling boomer even know about romance anyway, aside from the toilsome effects of Earl Grey tea on the libido prior to sunrise?

Certainly, my therapist insisted that it was unhealthy to romanticise mental illness, although I simply couldn't help but explore the unfetted depths of my enthralled mind, as I dragged myself back into the safety of my own depravity. Mesmerised within the vogue which kept my smile unhinged, and my foxtrot at ease. Perhaps I was attracted to the infinite possibility of her character; the insatiable anonymity of her malfunctioning wire, spilling its charge onto the appease of my soul, like a never-ending tide of pacifying glue. Stitching my perception with the cognitive duress of a trussed pig, in a nimble display of vile charity. One minute she would be raptuous in an astonished ecstasy of envious merriment, only to be found soon thereafter. Locked within the damp confines of a staircase cupboard, wrists slashed nine upon a transdermal infusion of cheap mascara and yearning debt. Quivering violent to the melancholic chamber of alcohol's stricken grief. Evidently, my indignant marquess of fractured leisure appeared to be in a manic mood today, which is probably why she'd inadvertently decided to kiss me on the cheek before flouncing into the lobby, and disappearing entirely into the sunken infamy that was work. Leaving me in an infatuated heave of my own quantum exhilaration; boundlessly afraid of what my mind could achieve with only a fraction of her attention. The fantasy I'd forever adored had become dangerously real, and I knew not how to handle the gorge.

## Scene 1 END

####

## Scene 2 START

### Describe Building

Through the bright cellophane interiors of the refurbished lobby and into the preliminary trust of the mind, laid what was known as the Machine of Profit™. A delectable prophecy which bore the deceased flesh of a prominent entrepreneur, ravished and annihilated in a cautry blunder of mangled copper and synthetic cortisol. It existed as the life and blood of the Accord™, which all employees were expected to memorise and hold to the highest regard. Through prayer and worship, the ancient artifact existed to provide purpose to its subjects, communicating its intent via the extensive network of viridian tubes which ran through the hollow walls of this building. Unapologetically abrasive in its prodigal delegation. JUMP. NOW. DOWN. DOWN. DOWN. And in a swift hive-mind of unconcerning urgency, thousands of helpless bodies plunged from their desk-side windows and onto the carpark below, haplessly captivated in an antiphony of demonic screaming and inaudible plight. Apparently, it thought little of the very humans it consigned.

### Describe Receptionist

Approaching the end of the lobby, calculated in an entwined ensemble of endless elevator-music from the extracted bellows of the beast below, revealed an impressive assortment of exotic Peruvian vines, latching themselves exquisite to form the company's logo in vivid three-dimensional form. And on an isolated desk ahead, behind a custom taupe fringe of illegally-sourced rosewood, unveiled the implicit declaration of thy receptionist. A messy ball of anxious wool and tangled cat-hair, perpetually stunned in the bright pink, yellow and orange knitted jumpers she praised all over her voluptuous body. She was a small personality trapped behind an over-sized smile, equipped with the false bravado of a self-conscious fire-breathing igloo. It was an uncomfortable trait she disguised within the empty confines of the desecrated tubs of ice-cream littered inconspicuous under the decimated humiliation of her vestal bed, without even a trace of dairy to harm even the most sensitive of lactose-intolerant cells. Of course, much like Milo, I also wanted to fuck her too. As I stood there with my inconsummate hands, keen to grab at the unholy sight of her angel wings, thunderously protruding from the plump crest of her uncasual figure. Biting into what I'll now describe as an inch-thick layer of cum-inducing cellulite; tartare in the scream of a repressed whore with an ever most graceful dash of slut to louse. Although it was also a course of action which would blur into almost every woman I would ever encounter, with the exception of my mother whom I largely wanted to kill.

"Good morning!", I blast at her face. Burst in a tangent of Dutch Viagra, as I tried my best to sound like an all-inclusive trip to the Bahamas.

"You know it's not morning, right?" Well, I suppose it wasn't as bad as it could have been. No shame in being the quirky Asian wall-flower, aloof in my nonchalant love for turn-based RPGs. Perhaps my insistent awkwardness would eventually lead to a romantic soirée with thy lovely receptionist, involving a police-cautioned night of uninspired sex and late-night television. Certainly, I didn't think of myself as something to be desired, nor denied. Perhaps it was an extension of the self-hate that I felt for my own life as part of the unfortunate paradox of the Westernised Asian Male. Too traumatised to fuck its own kind, yet too unaccepting of the watered-down pool of white women whom brushed us aside like a torn garment at a flea-market. Although perhaps I simply didn't care, what with my infinite virtual fantasy-land of cum n' gore which promised to shower me in a soiled heap of used panties and latex swimsuits whenever my heart pleased; a delicate ruse which kept me from crying alone, almost none the time.

### Orange back, Blue back

"Oh right," remarked the avid pervert towards thy indecently pallid receptionist. Tattered in an unconvincing smirk of giddy insolence, as I licked my lips feverously at the sight of raw chicken; witness to my two opposable thumbs, now springing spastic from their sockets in a jovial haste of pittered discretion. Arguably, beginning a new chapter within our lives, where we would absolutely never speak to each other again. How lovely, I thought to myself, as I brushed my way through the corduroy corridor of the aforementioned lobby and into the vulgar outline of the office kitchen.

The beloved kitchen was a primal 70s' decor filled to the brim with unwashed tupperware and #1 dad mugs. Complemented only by the sickly yellow synthesis oozing from the congregation of fake Tulips situated to the north of the perimeter, as the polychlorinated flowers released their varnished smells into the decrepit pit of the grimy kitchen floor below. Second only to the potent mustard fumes which plumed from the stale epoxy seal of the open fridge door; a truly terrifying combination for both human and rodent alike, as the surrounding contamination continued to coalesce underneath the satanic weight of its own agony.

Ultimately, the indoor kitchen was little more than an industrial institution intended to provide just enough grim to prevent the magic of creativity from harming the pulchritudinous tastebuds of thee ol' white executives. "Chewin' grain bread n' slammin' vita-pills," a haughty necessity of the uttermost importance, as was described in a recent board meeting of heart monitors and Eldridge naval ties. It seemed, my listener, that the casualty of youth was upon us.

Although midday had seemingly sauntered into its post-lunch lull, the tension within the room had become joust. A push. A jostle. Then in a senseless fit of rage, I observe a man glass a co-worker with a bottle of kombucha; his swank body thrown against the flickering malfunction of a faulty snack machine, only to be choked with the remaining shards of scoby-infused crystal being forced down his throat with a fist n' a pull. The aggressor then proceeds to shank his victim's flailing corpse with the vice of a jigsaw grip, puncturing his vital organs in a quelch of splattered blood. His requisite arteries, now snapping in two. Culminating in thrice. Delure. Terrified of the resulting mayhem, it became clear that what I'd just witnessed was in fact a heated interaction between the two predominant factions playing God within these walls; dripping morose upon an uncanny refuge of scarlet polish, now splayed against the carpet for which there was no prayer. According to the Accord™, you were either an orange-back or a blue-back. A bottom-feeder or a cut-throat liar. I suppose I'll attempt to explain the rest.

The orange-backs maintained the Machine of Profit™. They were hardened loyalists with an obsessive personality; fanatic in their pursuit for operational perfection. Precise in both name and practice, they decisively documented, studied and lauded over every single aspect of the Machine of Profit™. Understood to be thrifty scavengers with a gifted sense of time, they could survive for weeks on end with but the tepid moisture of their commitment to the grind. The orange-backs were considered the ultimate servants to the establishment; introverted cogs of divine certification and befuddled self-esteem, vaticinal in their ability to optimise even the most complex of algorithms. Lead by a pale autistic child whom bore tiny functional keyboards for fingers, he went as far as to have his frail body fused into the Machine of Profit™ itself, in order the become truly dependent upon its operation for his survival. He was known as the Son of Machine™.

The blue-backs on the other hand were the very source of the Machine of Profit™ itself; privileged emissaries whom kept its precious profits flowing in a ritual sacrifice known as the Accordance™. Knighted the Carriers of Profit™ in both title and religion, two blue-backs were chosen from the chantry by the High Priest of Profit™ at the precise dawn of every hour, to have their naked bodies fed into the scorching furnace of the machine. As their toes and limbs were mashed and bled into a chenille collagen of viscous halcyon, to be stamped and compressed into the company credits its subjects accepted as gospel. Carelessly proliferating margin into the ever-growing stream of company profit, second only to the machine's ever glowing aura of revenue and surfeit. Their sacrifice was seen as a beautiful death in the eyes of the communion, as well as their sole responsibility in the grand scheme of surplus; awash with the twady vigour which kept their faces in deep attention with the profit which made them whole.

Yet in spite of their integral necessity as a whole, both the blue-backs and the orange-backs despised each other with a passion which divided the office into a denigrated celebration of considerable hatred. They alone believed that only they could bring greatness to the machine, hindered only by the actions of their opposing brethren. Much like observing an unruly adhesive of fire and ice, it was as if both parties were attempting to dislocate the very oxygen sustaining their very existence. Although perhaps the cancellation was by design; a competitive farce which extended all purpose beyond its original conception, allowing the machine to remain intact within the resplendence of its perceived glory, while the world around it faded into an unlit conflict of tenebrous veneration. Only the Machine of Profit™ knew.

Admittedly, I thought the whole thing was a bit of a farce. Why anyone would ever concern themselves with the politics of Christ was well-beyond me. All I truly wanted was to retain my position as a primordial sloucher beneath the anachronistic wings of bureaucracy; a leech upon the system to be powdered in casein and stashed away come tax time, with the divine authority vested in thee. Neither useful, nor indispensable. A mere conscious reminder of the limitless potential my seniors ever-so desperately sought; though not in any way proven beyond the sarcasm which flowed from my words and in around the hermeneutic hum of the cheerless water cooler. Not that anyone could be bothered counting the somewhat missing pieces of paper I never intended to push, as that would require a level of transparency nominally above the far-reaching incompetency of middle-management.

### Describe Desk

Truculently caught in the fluorescent blindness of the ceiling lights above, I squandered my step towards the refraction of the sun as it beamed its warm hues onto the cluttered mess of my desk; a welcome touch upon the hundreds of unanswered emails lurking grovel within my mailbox. Truth be told that warmth was a considerable commodity in this office, forever displaced by the orange-back's desire to be thawed into a flawless image of its own cognitive certainty. Obviously, in conflict with the blue-back's inherent misandry for molten absolution. Oh, how we love thy scripture. Pushing aside a folder of printed pamphlets into the bin beside my desk, I sat patiently in the coveted arch of my chair, staring blankly at the miniaturised clock in the bottom right-hand corner of my computer screen. Just about ready to get right back n' up n' head home for thy day.

### Milo Conversation

"Hey, did you hear about the updated deadlines? I swear, they change daily. It's fuckin' ridiculous," remarked Milo. Dispassionate at the seams in an untied flurry of sex-hair and dorky conversation.

"I have no idea," I repute. Intense in my volition to remove myself unwillingly from the magnet of her presence. As much as I wanted to shove my hands into the seams of her lovely dress and invent a new kind of dignity, she was yet another painful distraction from the thousands of clammy decisions grappling with the neurons in my brain; somewhat leaving me in a superfluous state of ceaseless 9-to-5 employment. Sour with lament. The delegation had broke. It was time to pour the brandy onto thy holy castle and deliver thy swine from thy depths of swell. Oh, ever-so swellish indeed. For I was man born to win; to gather n' disperse in complete declaration of the resent which I commanded like a Turkish hellfire from the wrath of the Dardanelles. Today would be my victory.

Subsequently, I sat there at my desk. Continuing to loath the dreaded excess of work, now leaving me no choice but to pursue an almost debilitating level of self-harm. Conveniently manifesting itself into a compulsive desire to gouge my own bladder out with a disposable plastic spoon, left ever-so keenly upon my desk for such prying eyes to bleed. Perhaps I would become a symbol of millennial martyr in thy duty of unreasonable stress, delegated curiously as a desirable personality trait for thy recruiters to amend; providing just the right amount of spark n' dazzle to keep thy leadership in a-buzz, and thy mental health budget in arrears. Crinkle n' cut, slader. As I gazed out into the foray of empty desks before me, admiring the fibre glass upholstery of their shimmering anneal. It was both a sad time to be alive, as well as a depressingly average romp in this office of moderate purgatory.

### Milo Cigarette Invitation

"I'm going out for a cigarette. Could I perhaps tempt you to join me?"

"Sorry, I don't smoke."

"Listen, Peter Pan. We all saw you drunk at last year's Christmas party; slingin' yourself round' like a desperate chimney. Come on, it'll be fun." I loved the way Milo taunted me, as she dangled her pouch of tobacco in front of my impressionable eyes; sully to the alluring transgress of her svelte fingers. Toes in motion, now prancing from her desk and into the mischief of the foyer; my possessive mind, now dependent and in pursuit, as she grasped at diminutive silhouette of her lonesome figure. Devious in the ethereal specificity of her fabric, stretching taut across the predisposition of her skin. Adoption be thy sin. I wanted to learn more. Instinctually, I had no choice other than to follow her out into the foyer and into the colloquial wounds of her embrace. In dire need of a light and a cigarette.

## Scene 2 END

####

## Scene 3 START

###  Describe Smoking

Below the stark iridescent corridors of the cubular profit centre above, bore the 20th-century imprint of the methylated industrialisation which had transformed this expansive landscape into an uninhabitable wasteland of broken youth. An underground carpark the size of a 60,000 seat stadium, entirely empty in its glorious presentation of both concrete and candescence. Well, empty aside from an old 1956 Holden Station Wagon which had remained untouched and in immaculate condition since its inception from the factory which it derived. Candid in a sanctimonious profess of both technical desire and hydraulic motorisation, it was a subject vital to the beatific vision of the orange-backs. As they stood there huddled in the shadow of their zipline orange suits, licking what appeared to be newly discarded batteries by the handful; afloat in an electrical buzz of unconcealed ego. Tantamount to the vehicle's symbolic likeness to the machine. Keen not to disturb their unrest, we skirted around the faint providence of their seethe to the very designation of the company ashtray. Oh, how our listener would love to learn more about the company ashtray.

"Well, well, well. My sunken child. Ol' Ditto. It looks like this fatal grape has fallen from thy hasty seed." She passed me her pouch of Port Royal, fit with an assortment of crinkled papers n' uncircumcised filters. As I sat there excited; poised to embrace the dizygotic taste of her hasty seed, amongst a selection of tobacco papers her hands had personally touched. It was the perfect excuse to inhale if ever there was one. An excuse which would allow me to absolve her very essence, as well as incorporate the infidelity of her linger into the very unspoilt depths of my clickity-clack lungs.

I suppose it revealed the somewhat sexual nature of smoking; a relationship which my erroneous heart sought as another casual degrade to explore without explanation. No different to masturbating alone, nor experiencing the crushing indispensability of Syphilis. It was little more than a modern suicide-pact for today's gawky adolescent to enjoy, as I took a long drag of my poorly-rolled cigarette with the face of a burn victim. Emerging from the nicotine enthusiasm of my loosened lips in full contempt of the pittering cough my lungs had come to adore. La mia principessa.

### Discuss meeting with editor

"How did the meeting with the editor go? Same cunt as the last one?", she disposed, as she took a long-squinted-drag of her burning cigarette.

"Pretty much. He was quite the nut-job."

"At least you didn't have to blow him. Unless if you did, then I totally understand why it went sour."

"Listen. You try sucking another man's cock in the back of a Chinese restaurant whilst ordering a fresh serving of dumplings." She giggled. I loved it was she giggled. It was cue for another victory drag.

"Well, at least you're passionate about something. I can barely decide on what to have for breakfast."

"Ah well, you know how it is. Churn in, churn out." She puts her left hand on my right knee, in what was both an odd, as well as an exhilarating turn of events. The once erogenous barrier of our friendship had been broken, and to compensate, my heart was pounding at a million miles per hour upon a schizophrenic drumbeat of eluvial rush.

I wasn't quite sure if the word "love" quite described how I felt about Milo. It was as if we were both lovers, as well as friends; trickled by an uncontrollable surge of attraction which would force my eyes into a splendid state of glisten each and every time we spoke. Our hilarious banter. The way she would punch my arm whenever I would comment on her silly hair. Maybe it was because Milo was the only female I knew who didn't quite hate me, at least enough to pretend that my adjectives were little more than a ruse to appear louder than I actually was. Yet perhaps we had something more than just love and friendship. Perhaps it was an intangible aura of expression we exchanged beyond the words and feelings we shared with derision. A rekindling of purity.

Uncertain of what to say next, we both stood there in silence, staring at the limbic reflection of the concrete pavement below. Admiring the availability of each other's obscurity; keenly aware of how each other felt. And yet although the peaceful composure of my cigarette put me at ease, I could sense that something wasn't quite right.

### Flirt/Proposal

"Do you ever think about death?", she asked.

"Not really. Probably no more than most people. Why?"

"Well, let's say we only had five minutes to live. How would you respond?" The question made me feel anxious. Not so much at the premise of her question, but at the way she leaned into my eyes and rolled her tongue with the satin dexterity of a mirthless doll; ditzy in a gesture of coltish blue. Obviously, I would fuck her. But paralysed with the mouthless tremble of a threatened informant, the thought merely stammered itself into a cold release of severe undue. As she moved her body closer to the proximity of mine, gently braising the outline of my lips with the luscious seduce of her troublesome fingers. The anxiety heightens.

"I'd probably, uh..."

Her intention was clear. As she gazed deep into my eyes, permissible to the lust her lips could no longer contain. Breaching. Pulsing. Effeminate in the approaching whisper of her venerous inhale; keenly aware of my tongue pressed against thine. Caring not of the consequences, I let myself flow into her body. As I forced my salacious hands all over her tight blouse. Snatching. Responding. Emphasising the pierce roundness of her supple nipples, fink upon the sociopathic entangle of her nettled hair. It was a chaotic storm of carnal indignation, earnest in its impassioned subversion of all humanity. It was everything I'd imagined, and more. Perfect. Rustled in a wistful jubilation of emotion, we decided counterintuitively to take a break from the tango, to recollect what was seemingly the greatest moment of my life.

"Then take me out this Sunday," she continued. Realising quite suddenly that we were both still at work, beguilingly held down by the ano-archaic expectations of pre-marital law. As she proceeded to consolidate the widish crease of her smitten hair, into a stylish fondue of slick convenience. Swiftly returning to the plaid assuage of her former grave; wise and unflustered in an equanimous provocation of 3rd wave feminism.

### Elevator ride back

We both chatted casually on the elevator ride back to the kitchen; loose in a foray of dappled emotion, shaken subtly by the events prior. Although feeling giddy; numb in a licentious devour of hedonistic excitement, I could barely recognise these cataclysmic feelings of intimacy which had firmly conquered my brain. As we both held hands like a disaffectionate pair of Russian teenagers, ready to rob a convenience store; unsure of what the future held beyond addiction and civil-war. Encircling itself within a drain of seraphic scintillation, my mind had become elated by the thought that I'd somehow died and reappeared in the midst of heaven. Finally, I would have sex with the likes of Aphrodite herself. Just as God intended.

Blending itself into a tangerine muse of teak stripes and enclosed spaces, the kaleidoscopic walls of the office interior assisted my palpitation to the very helm of my desk; a true invention of Cambodian plywood, designed to smash heads and breed impurity amongst a tedious nauseum of mind-numbing labor. I then picked up the mug, staring off into the distance. Wondering what today would have become if I'd not pursued that fatal cigarette. A different man. A broken husband.

## Scene 3 END
