---
title: "family."
description: "This chapter introduces reproduction, the Chinese suburbs, my mother, my porn addiction, our dinner, our difference, our conclusion, train ride home."
day: "Friday."
---
## Scene 1 START - suburbs.

### Reproduction Introduction
<!--
A ten-ounce packet o' Hershey's sperm. That's all it takes to ruin a household. One faulty dig into nature's great big ol' sack o' genetic fanaticism, splendid within the pseudoephedrine-encapsulated collaborations encrusting sin around the outline of your mother's vagina; a relative cum dumpster of fire and pre-maritime froth, participating in the ooze of father's industrial-strength facial cream. Nancy's squirt n' trickle. An ode to the eroding hopes and dreams of thy children not yet born.

Oh, golly gosh. It seems we've just described the peculiarities of a horrid cunt. Pickle n' loam at the coquette mannequin of a candilicious splice; daffle at the misery you fuck, my dear child, like a peppermint rendezvous at a Chinese bordello. Involving a three-year technical specialisation in the canvas of al fresco self-abuse, along with the tempestuous misgivings of thy counterfeit puppeteering, it appears your fame n' fortune has been generously funded by the Catholic Cum Laude n' their pack of Irish henchmen, in the erroneous art of Jamaican swallow. Hallowed by thy pleasure. Shant be thy name. And for those less fortunate and undeserving of the inconspicuous price of college admission, a thirty-two ounce bucket of ejaculate is all it takes to push n' pull through our beautiful fuck-thing, as our dashing pre-star announces her untouched body to the presence of fifty-two young emotionally-jacked men. Pumped to the brim with imitation testosterone and disc jockey enthusiasm; cascade in a panoramic anxiety of knucklehead casualty n' enigmatic violence. A daring challenge for a new generation of Ikea-inspired holes, designed solely to fit three fingers n' a vape for use in-between Russian clit lectures.

### Describe suburbs

I always wondered if I'd have a piece of this one day, as I stared out of the illuminated train window and into the rolling hills of splendor. A mere evening touch upon the lush green crust of suburbia, which had indefinitely upheld the mountains of concrete and inflated stock options breathing dust into the brown insoluble clay of our first people's home. Monstrous 60s' Brutalism. Communist Party Exuberance. These were the amiable foundings of a worthy few, perched forlorn by an incomplete set of Chinese housewives; confident in their feudal charm n' Bernhardt rigour. Pure amalgamations of smog n' flesh to be paraded around like an illegible cuck of efflorescent parrots; chattering away in their unpenned cantons with the ambling blather of a punctured tea bag. Defiling the neighbourhood with their dioramic cardigans n' Worchester-stained smiles; sapless to their hearts' denial. The artificial lakes. The sprawling retirement. The orange provocative. Host to an extravagant display of finger-lickin' grandeur, in fake competition with the avaricious cancer it identified as growth. Confined in a vacuum of its own bemoaning anguish; thrust manic through a vision which held itself in contempt with the kitchen marble countertops which weighed upon its behest.

I walk past a pram constructed of recycled Norbertine children, whispering quietly into the infliction of the void for future generations to beware; their fragile arms and legs, packed ravage into a kinetic frenzy of kleptocratic privilege. Tied and bound to the sequestering smirks of the supercilious Chinese men expressing callow at the height of their step; bumptious in a drunken craze of opium n' cabin repress. The homeless man to my left wears a gold jade necklace. Cock firmly erect at the thought of a five-star dinner, as he lays there upon the ground. Demented in a hound of Trotskyite atrocity. A facade upon which stitched the delicate fabric of the Chinese upper-middle class and their lofty ideals.

### Describe Rich Chinese

The 21st Century Asian was a fickle creature which did not need what it saw, wanting only what it'd heard from the loose lips of a swivet albino. They were a Hollywood bonanza of Western desires; lovingly adored n' confirmed inside the steel-reinforced complex of a megalomanic childhood. Exquisitely crafted by the brilliant tacticians of foiled bitterness whom squirmed with such prejudice at the intersexual mouthwash of a mother's spoilt teat; dribbling opaque amongst a cabalistic tune of tainted breast milk, to the inferiority of a blackened race. Materialised n' busted. Then from the corner of my eye accelerates a white base-model Mercedes Benz, ramming into the curb without even a callous of suspicious intent; entirely paid for with company fraud n' prosthetic malady. Transporting what was later identified to be the idled wretch of a dead daughter's fetus, as its embryonic tendrils hurled towards the windshield in an acrimonious splatter of percolate fortune; seething upon the scalding backseat of a hot summer's regret, to the smells n' mildew of a Parkinson's foot. It was just another languid leathery detail for the gangrenous toothpick of life to repent; another goddamned league to inspire, to the rampant syphilisation of us all. For the base-model Mercedes was a counsel of status for the hoary Asian man stalking the inglorious outskirts of these treacherous suburbian streets; fit in a prophylactic redundancy of sexual arousal n' crossed metaphors, ferrying what appeared to be a heavy lead pipe n' an irrational desire for hard liquor. Wifebeater on. Military cut engaged. Cigarette unidentified in the lop of a carousel ear; legs spread wide across a coriaceous plate of Hungarian túró, to be slopped round' the mouth with the dollop of a Hoisin flooze. Truth be told that the neoclassical Chinese man was little more than a walking high-rise of plastic duty; anatomy paid for in cheap sex and even cheaper dinner meals, just like mother ordered when Chiang Kai Shek and his nationalist gang kicked down the front doors of her elastic forebode, n' fucked her dry in front of the savory body of a ferny Gran. Neville to the face. Rape to the floor; a yellow collective of misogynistic employ to the vinegary tale of a custard treat. Me so sorry.

### Approach the house

As I approached the rickety gate of the unkempt weatherboard estate, I couldn't help but notice the surreal elongation of thy theater. The elasticised walnut. The eroded purple. The naughty unripe. Thistles the size of cabins, entrenched upon their positions along a would-be brick parchment of trial n' fear; battleground to a verdant kingdom of inner-suburbian mice, whom under the delegation of God had invented war and religion with the degenerate mew of an invertebrate chair. Succulents and cacti of every kind, retrofit into a rare assortment of smashed pots n' non-stick pans; braced along the culdesac of a fiendishly-paved driveway. Seemingly held together by particles of cinder n' refined palm,
as their nefarious molecules receded n' churned into a chemical absolution of sanctified degrade; consent to wither n' perish amongst the dust n' ice perils which lay ahead on this journey of descent. Subject to the quell horrors of the tantamount soak resting pale beneath my feet; schisming recidivous in a open seizure of tumble n' decay, as it rared to swallow me into its resolute posture of chainlink caxon. It truly was a post-mortem termination of expired fortitude; a sick sympathy of existence, praying at the border for its own ethos to be drowned n' washed away. With two quiet eyes, I fetter my way along the breach of the house. Sneaking in through the backdoor in hopes of being avoided, knowing deep-down inside that the barrage of not-quite disappoint was certain to come my way. For you see, this was the house of my mother. Ol' Monoxide O'Harris.

### Describe mother

Admittedly, I wasn't particularly keen to kick the dirt with Mammy Madras; a coarse judgement of moistureless tree-sap, smeared n' slathered onto the mummified corpse of a freeze-dried Tibetan whore. Operational only in the sheer amount of high thread-count linen required to prevent the awful stench of yesterday's diverticulosis; lingering in ferment amongst the Tuscan crustaceans n' bamboo cookware this homely institution had rought. She was neither a mother by name, nor in the tradition of a convoluted metaphor to be pondered at gun point whilst screaming into the barrel of a loaded gun. For it takes love and understanding to create a mother; two things which I did without. Neither by choice, nor by compass. Clatter to the prat of the pile of bones n' ash which spoke such misfortune of thee undress, to the seeping animosity of thy soul, which bloomed like a pond of algae within the reins of my heart; suffocating all life below in an attempt to survive the paltry misforgivings of a bunt wretch. Succubus; here thee to my world. For she was nothing more than a sully pair of slapshot hands, pushin' n' shovin' me towards the human equivalent of a maudlin meat-grinder. Forget the hugs n' the postulate encouragement every young man in town yearned for, and let's lay welcome to our new ecclesiastical duopoly of inverted autocracy. And thus, we introduce our King and Queen of back-handed compliments, to the soul-piercing atrophy of our willful subordinates below; serving to pave our way forward in this faulty expedition of stifling insecurity n' suicidal grisette. Packed elegantly into a used condom for your new-found motherly love to cheer, as you sit idly by on the proletariat of her lap with the cusp of a dead cupid in the scullion of your hands. Creatively discovering new forms of helplessness to assist you within the chaotic annihilation of your own self-reassurance; later to be confused with the primordial lust you conjure at even the slightest hint of affection. Your brain and me, voted most likely to part ways and never interact again. How disastrous is was to care.

### Describe comparison

And as thy son of imposition, I was strictly to remain a subject of comparison to the infinite marginalisation of her boundless tyranny. Like an advisory board of curdled chutney, diced n' sautéed into a Crème brûlée of pickling torment n' pulverised tastelessness. It was in the grain of her blood to embrace the thin strands of judgement coursing blue through the enhanced optic pathways of her hardened arteries, in what a doctor once described as an ephemeral stew of caustic joy. In her eyes, and by the power vested in me, it was wholly impossible to ever meet her sculptured standards of irreputable regress, irrespective of how hard one tried. My intellect. My genetics. My innate ability to feel. All notable concerns on this creaky prize-wheel of informal mother-son assessment, to be carefully decomposed into a decrement decree of supple factuality. Haplessly caught in an unending loop of fatal incomprehension, to a point where even God himself would ruin. It was in her duty to insistently measure and customise my self-esteem to the sieve of her lavarous attention, iterating my existence so that I could better fit her ideal image of a son. If only so I could just be that little bit more unobtainably taller, akin to the awe n' beauty of a crushed leaf; crisp in a vat of blistering expectation. Trapped inside her matrix of unrealistic criterion. Holding on, only by the synapses taunting me awake in this beget of gewalt savagery.

Thankfully, she was also getting older. As her greying hairs dominated the narrative of her unremitting attempts to remain relevant within this wrath of neonate violence; eyes in sway like an aging tiger with the grace of a desolate hound. Too weak to pull at the uniquely pestilent strings controlling her perception of the world, and yet so completely comfortable with the conviction she wore with the chivalry of an immaculate pride. In other words, she was a cunt with a duck for a face.

## Scene 1 END

####

## Scene 2 START

### Mother Greeting

"You're late!", larks a small upright figure. Face like a porcelain horse. Spatula in hand. Ready to strike at the given.

"Fuck you," I respond in an immediate thrash of Gutenberg anger. At least that's what I wish I'd said, as mother's viscous glare pervaded into the enusing silence of my erosive despair. Desperate to form closure amongst the arcane buffet of her arsenic words; seep n' draw to the cranky wrought of my hampered mouth with the patent oxidation of an ammonium mishap. Supposedly prophesied to enact justice on thy foe; an impalpable excuse to knock her two front teeth out with the force of my bare knuckles n' throw her stunned corpse into the full retirement of a disguised wood chipper. Chirpity. Chirp. Chip.

And without remise, kneeling in faithful gratitude for thy Newtonic elements of our heavenly sun, was her helper. A frail old Estonian man with the Stockholm rattan of an affectionate cat. The lord of preach n' denial. Older, married and unsuitably kind. Neither lover, nor friend. Neither quaint, nor pretend. A farce. Newel. Amend. I never quite understood the relationship that he had incurred from my mother, only that he was considered one and that she was crowned infinity. And with the wicker of jealous potato, he continued to kneel by her side in adoration of thy cretin scum; excrete from her glands with the plague of a mucilaginous ceremony. Gripping. Sowing. Fortifying thy caress upon the touch of his leash in a mortified penance of circumcised utility, as she tied a single-use plastic bag to the chain of his neck in a ritual of human threshold. To car. From shop. To bin. In a deception of human evolution. Fall.

"How can you TREAT your own MOTHER like this!? Do you even know how much MY time is worth?" I suppose her response summarised the relationship she sought in the mechanical exchange of matriarchal contracts n' ptolemaic titles our language had come to perfect; quantified by one's own failing to cease n' desist in this formulation of scarred restraint. A relapse of love. Another sad case of right time, wrong hole. Dull me, honey.

### Describe porn usage

The charity was clear. This woman was a ruse. A pseudo-salad concoction of infallible consumption, to be shoved down one's throat and into the spalling grind of one's burst stomach to a point of a mollifiable amnesia. Requiring not one, but two guns n' a bullet o' nine to rectify the blood n' guts sprawl scat along the open cassidy of this severent sidewalk. And although I knew it in my heart, and within these bones which deprivation had lived, it yet remained unreasonably difficult to abstain from the one thing which I'd spent most my life helplessly in disorder; mother's quench influence. Gag to the squall silence of a parakeet burble; wowzer to the rankle attenuation of my failure to cope. Consult to the gentile brothel of care which laid upon my preschool desk in the form of a screen; an esthetic abstraction which had kept me far more engaged with my own life, than her harsh words ever could.

The screen was a place for meals to be relished without the incessant precaution of judgement from thy rutilant mother. A digital palace of exhort, where my feelings of inadequacy could be washed away into a pixel haze of hyperphallic euphoria. Where my mind could be stretched n' snatched like a taut violin, in wholeful neglect of the deluded femininity which streamed across my face in a static interaction of colourful smut. Laced n' chewed with the savorous paranoia of a rabid monk. Click. Click. Crunch. Curated communities of mutilated chests n' cosplay vaginas dangle in unison; a wholesome cure for the crippling anxiety swallowing itself by the mouthful. Wane against the totality of your vision, as you attempt to surmount a mammoth-sized strap-on onto your child-sized knee, in supression of the cradled inclusion which siezes your mind with the confection n' flash of a befuddled squeeze. Waxing in glee. Correctively at ease.

The screen is satisfaction; the screen is just there. 24/7. Happy to guide you into its lust-filled self-proclamation of sex n' whore; delightfully tweaking your most fundamental ambitions into a porphyric inclination for cinematic affection. Just as daddy desired. Long gone were the ancient cum-ridden rituals of blowing some late-night gas station fat-fuck in order to witness your first set of silicone breasts on the greasy centrefold of some over-permitted Playboy magazine. Instead, in were the restless nights n' orgasmic schadenfreude o' twee insensitivity, as a young child sits cross-legged in his room alone, awaiting the appearance of his favourite cam girl to manifest online. If only to feel the warmth n' embrace of her picture perfect smile, transposed vividly upon the image of his immolated mother; thick in a nick o' time, as the cam girl looks directly into the young child's eyes n' squirts her distressed breast milk all over his stream, in a candied exasperation of heartbroken joylessness. And thus, we welcome our new de facto parents to the world; a semi-pregnant teenager with a pair o' fake tits for a passport n' a box o' Kleenex for a soul, in an undecidedly fatuous participation of Valkyrie pleasure. As the young child pinches his sticky fingers together in an unholy relegation of mendacious witness, now clamoured n' burnt like an administrative set of bleached popsicles with the fretful expiry of an abject scrunch; mind in awe of the limitless potential of thy chiral titillation, stymied by the frigid isolation of his hugless existence. Stoke by stroke. Continuing to appease the tendentious love his fingers had instructed, to the audible gargle of his mother's cordless mouth; now working tirelessly in the bedroom over, to placate the entire executive board of a major retailer with the groundless charm of her exacerbated body.

At first it was mesmerising, like the forlet capture of an upbeat trend in the eyes of a grandiloquent sith; dilatin' n' dartin' round' the screen in morbid fixation with thy pupilous keywords n' their lore of repress. Glamourous. Fuck. Gauche. Death. Untimely upon the horrific calamity of an Emersonian slut drop; resplendent within the hokum narrative of a Tourette plum. Nigger. Undress. I witness a small girl in thigh-high tights flash her child-like vagina in an inconsequential display of hepcat voyeurism. My eyes spark. The ribaldry molls. It is class. We are class. Glitter amongst the acquiescent brilliance of her cerulean madness, now restraining your crave without even a hint of maladie. A joker. A need. A rhubarb. A seed. A lethargic reminder of your own stunted disrepair, as your mind enclaves into an overwhelming bombardment of obscene destitution. The rape. The pleasure. The Lithuanian chokeholds. Polyamorous in the partout anthropomorphism tossed dally into the sweaty paws of a paedophilic furry suit, designed suitably to endure enough disenfranchised cocks to murder a small child. As a  veneer of orphaned infants surge head-first into the fledgling fuck-storm of a medicinal opiate crunch; fists shoved so deep into so many tight holes, that even the coroner could barely keep up with which hole belonged to whom.

### Eat dinner with my mother

I sat quietly at the dining table next to the helper, as he attempted to bite his ankles with the demeanour of a nettled dog; agitated by the trinkets n' scars which traversed across his face in an imperfect spiral of affronted indecision. Paws tenderly curled to the implicit clutch of his omelette fingers, which from a distance, appeared to employ the words 'I am a slave' in traditional Chinese. At least that's what I was willing to believe, and I guess I just didn't quite know how to respond to the helper's smitten antics, other than to advert my eyes with a shrewd defiance only a seasoned English teacher would understand; haemorrhaging confidence by the tangier, with the abligurition of an omissible weasel. Infumate at the snuff which interlaced his gums in a bechamel twine of vagabond roulade. Conveniently interupted by the dissolute linger of mother's yelling, to the abrupt silence of our muted conversation.

"Why aren't you helping mother bring food to table!?"

"Alright, calm down. I'm coming."

"Don't tell mother to calm down! I am your mother!"

I stared promptly into the designation of the atonic slurry held firmly in the gout of my infantile hands, as I dragged myself back to the reclaim of the dining table; the last frontier in this tariff of familial nutrition, soaked in enough dehydrated corn-flour to invent the basis of a new arterial entitlement. The helper on the other hand had passed out at the helm of his chair; undecipherable in a nicotine mist of phasel hoarfrost. Too long had mother been gone from his side to deal with the stark realities of his pulpatoon brain, drooling from his thoughts with the pecan confectionary of a non-comforming circle. And then, it was mother's turn to join us at the table. And then, we ate. And then, not a word more was spoken nor could be consumed from the alliaceous tart of her cadaverous mouth. Tempest to the harrowing radars of the north, attempting to forewarn even the slightest hint of judgement from the bouche of her cree. Spoon. Porret. A gingery cocotte of rice tumbles into the chipolata of my potato; parsnip against the besiege of a guttle radish, enveloping my lungs against its leafy posterior into an ulcerous saturation of dyspeptic alteration. Carrot. Mind prefixed on grabbing mother's face n' shredding it long' the rusk outskirts of a bourgeois brick wall; marzipan upon the suet bark of my libertine lounge, tripled-thin across the interior of my nougat mouth. Cabbage. Mother's meals were usually accompanied with the kind of carob silence only gangbangers n' marauders could afford. In fact, the only time we ever spoke was to argue; spiral decadent into the modern arcadia of a 17th century bellini reform. Oh, my delicious child. How doth soar in flight.

### Father

Admittedly, I didn't know much about my father. And consequently, my father didn't know much about me. Certainly, he was more of a blur than a Flaubert curiosity to be perused; another scapegoat to appease my mother's abject failure to nurture my anima beyond the belch n' emanate of her servile screech. Instead, I was forced to become my own man; my own intransigence piece of shit to be reduced at the public annual denouncing of the Cambridge English Dictionary, to the hysteric approximations of a belligerant fool. Epithet. You. Shall.

"When you are you going to have children," she blurts from her mouth with the caulk vacillation of a hunched sorcerer. Fish-bone stuck in tooth. Awaiting some kind of lengthy apology for the dipolar of my existence.

"I don't know," I respond.

In most cases, I simply tried my best to externalise her words into an incomprehensible stream of chequered white noise; pampered waves of subjugated trash, leaving my mind as quickly as it'd entered. And yet in spite of the mesquite ossification of her synonymous abuse, I'd always championed the hope that one day she would experience some sort of Don Juan clarity, allowing her to truly break free from the ingratiation of her own caged dwadiness. Like a hotpot of shrapnel. Forever combusting into ever-smaller pieces that would eventually seep into the insides of her lungs; laud to a gaff fit of hardened cum n' arsenal exchange.

"Are you so stupid!? Do you not care for your future!?" And then it hit me. The drop. The stature. The contradistinction. Suspended in time for all of my ancestors to breathe. As plain as it had ever been since the onset of my birth. The rise. The power. The shore of distaste which hath angered my soul. Who was this hag, and who was I to put up with her garish phlegm? And what power did she have over me, contrary to the motion of my fist hurled straight through the epicenter of her anaemic skull? My reaction; petulant. Resulting in what would soon become a shoddy molecular slosh of accruing emotion, tumbling under the tipsy dissonance of a dichotic furor.

"Do you even care about your future!? Why do you never listen to your MOTHER!?" I couldn't take it anymore. The sound of her voice. The nature of her soul. For the first time in my life, I was going to tell her how I actually felt. And without a doubt, it would prove monumental beyond the reverberation of these words.

"Go fuck yourself," I shout.

The bulletin flowed from my mouth with the endearing elegance of a picturesque forest meadow, as she sat there in a bloated panorama of skittish perdition with the supine arbitration of an 800-pound gorilla; tempered by the acoustic determination of my valiant words, hurtling through into her core with the conscience of a chump mule. Utterly obliterating the ancient structures of tradition n' trust which had been upheld for so long in our own little revulsion of reticence, and which now could barely retain face amongst the resentful carnage of its own calamitous origins. It was even enough to startle the helper from his deep slumber, whom in a terrorised cordon of despondent panic, decided to run towards the pantry to lock himself indefinitely from the corresponding silence obstructing his umbilical worldview. Without a word to suggest, my mother continued to sit at the edge of her chair in a mire of daff speechlessness. Distraught in the drover's silage of an abattoir malthouse; desperately seeking God to betrove the control which had fallen from her haulier hands, and into the Asphodel Meadows of death below.
-->
Scanning with great perplexity, the internal lexicon of backhanded compliments n' repugnant idioms lay awash in her mind, to the inexplicable realisation that there was absolutely nothing she could do to resolve this delicate situation. She was lost. Buried alive under the height of her own culpable arrogance; tenuous within the anger which then turned into confusion, and then later back into anger, in a last-ditch attempt to save the empire which she'd fought so hard to conquer. It was an iron fist turned to rust; a grand larceny of underhanded denial. And as much as she wanted to scream and shout into the void of my willing, those necessary words of triumph simply wouldn't conjure from the scales of her constricted rasp. Mother had broken. A woman no more.

I stood up from the table and walked out the front door, leaving my slippers behind me for the very last time. Smile engaged. Victory pursued. Happy. Sad. Bemused.

## Scene 2 END

####

## Scene 3 START

### Describe Suburbs

Purple parlours. Red houses. Caricature greys. An assortment of porous scars litter the well sought-after delicacies of a spontaneous splurge; frail to the voice of an American senior, as he approaches the imperiled body of an ordinary Chinese housewife. Strapped to the bulge of a torn yoga mat. Gracefully aging beside the electrostatic seal of an unopened bottle of plum sauce; succulent to the estranged touch of her pelt arms, rubbed raw with the hardcopy fabric of his written will. For the written will was the ultimate aphrodisiac for any young Chinese immigrant to begin involuntarily gushing from their gash in an inconceivable orgasm of irascible filth. As the Chinese housewife lay paralysed beneath the old man, shaking violently in a puddle of oriental discharge; eyes quivering querulous in a Pan American overload of mascarpone ejaculate. Soon to pronounce dead at 2:34pm. Death from white privilege.

I wasn't quite sure how I felt in those ensuing moments of distance, as I scurried away from the house which had interred my youth. Pinpoint to the loose diffraction of my vitreous tears, now shrouded in the fluorescent concoction of a spectroscopic light; blur against a glaucomatous desaturation of unwanted emotion, protruding from my heart with the anneal of a parallax sphere. And although I could feel the persistence of my recklessness trickle down into the tampered luminosity of my laundered vision, the self-righteous fierceness of my obstinance proved difficult to amend. As my body sifted through the hundreds of extraordinarily fancy mansions befouling the zeitgeist of my rest; flamboyant in their topiary of white pebbles n' yellow dandelions, to the residential opulence of a genteel boulevard. Reflecting a kind of Tennessee know-how upon the Chinese upper-middle class ideals of a horticultural sponge bath. From one of the mansions appears a drunken camera crew, holding the corral of a giant metallic dildo; caramelised inside the aluminium canvas of a demiglace green choux. It was all part of a grand undialing the elders had called "Wild Dragon"; treat to the Shenzhen Steel Conglomeration n' their pedial family of psychosexual signatories. It was a royal competition where the wives of Communist Party leaders would shroud themselves in the craggy red blankets of deceased revolutionaries, to then be stretched n' fucked with a symbolic chrome statue in the shape of an imperial dragon. And for those that survived the 8-foot long beast in all its entirety, would be crowned General Secretary of their local party branch; forever bleeding under the auspices of Communist Party greed. Certainly, I doubt they would have had it any other way.

### Train Ride Back

The city-bound train forced itself sloven; motionless along the length of its libel tracks. Foreign against the repetition of its own brightly-lit candour, seclude to the invective abuse of another cycle to amend. As I sat there in reflection of today's ransom with the chew n' gnaw of an amoral jamboree; taunting my memories with the convene of a nocturnal Imp. Cocktail n' fiesta. Gun n' sin. I mean, was I bad person? Did I even have a choice? Perhaps I did, as I felt my phone vibrate against the left tendon of my right leg. A text from my mother. Unwarranted. Indignant. Deleted. Forever removed from the contagion of my sight. And yet I couldn't quite shake the thought of her linger, now spiralling itself into a growing resentment of ruthless wavering; hidden beneath another scorched bounty of tonal mourning, to be unleashed with the outrage of a Louisiana meth addict. I breakdown. Tears engaged. Orthodox bedeviled. The attainment of my face, now attracting the stare of a young lady in a merino sweater; uncomfortable at the attention I was drawing towards our lil' escapade of love n' affair. Love me. Please. Perhaps our interaction would soon transgress into an atrocious pile of sobbing R-rated affection, as I repeatedly shoved my cock into her mouth with the precision of a German cylinder. On the other hand, perhaps it would not. As she continued to sit there with the idle of a teenager, texting who I assumed was her partner. Perhaps with a suggestion to order pizza for tonight's ambivalence, in resolution of my far-too precise cock.

I continued to ponder. Perhaps this is what it meant to be free.

## Scene 3 END
