---
title: "apartment."
subtitles: "depression. weed. neighbour."
description: "A short chapter about character's darker feelings, guilt he feels, weed addiction, cam girl, buys a gun online."
day: "Saturday."
---

## Scene 1 START - Depression

### Depression Monologue
<!--
"Moderately entertaining." Tonight's obligations are being delivered pro-rata amidst a cheerless harmony of subversive glee. The paraxial of thy gracious word, spectacularly contoured in a harlem of distasteful abjection, as these howling avowals drag themselves miserably along a serrated tarmac of profane blather; lest we rejoice like the Dead Recurved Skunk of St. Nicholas' Grave which lies upon its belly in the tall notched grass besides the knurled quandary grasping at its toes. Cheeky, in an attempt to tell a misplaced joke about the inequality of nuts. Hilarious, in the laughter which ensues. The crowd applauses. The Skunk staves. And the after party is wild in its veneration of modern critique. Breasts are held. Champagne is sauntered. The Skunk is esteemed. What a great day for comedy in this kowtow of pudicity. Modest in the absurdity hobblin' chaste at the nibblin' miniature of your woes. The Skunk coughs. I yawn at the review. Testament to my perception as Queen in this bizarre beloved resilience of brute force n' sensuality. I think it was time to leave.

"Thank you for attending, my squire. I'll see you later in the parking lot for a hickey n' a ruse." Skunk, be thy neighbour. Skunk, be thy friend.

Victorian mal-la-la-laise. Oh dear. The scant face behind the snap ceiling snarls in a jauntily grave fashion, hushing at the faint tapper of lovely's past with the bawler of a rasp chowter. "Does the knife hurt, dear? Can you feel it grasp at your pain? Do you need it slightly closer to the EDGE of your HEART so you can SATIRISE MY PUDICIOUS MALTREATMENT!?" I wasn't quite sure what to think of the haste being thrown my way; unrecoverable in the permeating quell nictating quip through the thick unease of my velvet angular plea. "Compliments to the chef!?", I thought rather aimlessly. As I poured myself another glass of frounce wine; confining myself to the tight pre-occupied spaces of my mind. At best it was a fallous attempt to withdraw my arrival into the furrow of this capellet world; subside into the gratuitous nooks n' crannies of past evaluation's eroded retreat. Cyclical cycle. Delicious tampoon. Where will you be when you lick my gloom. Et al.

### Describe Imagined Reality

"Yes, sour grapes make for a chaffy treat," I announce. As the tip of my nose comes in close contact with the vast sea of wine in my glass, tipping ever-so slightly onto the pitter-patter scene of the Crimean rug below. Accomplice to a delicate spine which hunches over its desk without query; examining the shades of misconfigured lamp along the damp cold walls supporting its fine intrepidation into the literary foray of one's own imagination. Pandicular to the mounting sheets of paper describing imperturbable mounds of ill-defined taste; bloom like an epicanthus soma into the scrannel river of an avuncular diaspora. Non-fluent in me. The illegitimacy is brusk. Infecting the coarse undertone of anxiety attempting to hijack my neurons with an uncanny chatter. Musing over my follicles and into the heightened leach of my skin. Loquacious in its teeth.

### Explain the lie

The disturb is real. It's apparent there's trouble. A whole defeated Skunk of trouble. A vial of fear, swallowed in whole. I am fear. I am vial. Afraid of the thought. Afraid of the orient. Afraid of himself. Unrecognisable in his own flesh and blood. Torn straight from a book of whimsical lies. A magical staff of lyrical deception. These words. My pen. Our lies. It sighs. Goodbye. The glass is not real. The wine cannot be located. The desk has no form. I am alone. Perched upon my bed. Contorted in writhe. Blanketed by a surreal emptiness that cannot be reasoned with. Vanishing in the falselessness of a passing moment through the vague openness of time. Its ever-reaching permissiveness. An anatomy of distance to maintain. An offering of genuine refuge in this moreish chamber of mouthwatering despair. "Come with me," it whispers. Holding my hand like an innocent child. Guiding me through Griswald's magical forest of fairies and otma. "I promise I don't bite." Its all-alluring confection. Pinching me with the tactile aversion of a truffled wraith. Disguised as a romantic escapade into the cannular reverberations of insufferable me. A poor vulgarization of petty self-love. Slamming into my ear. Clogging my dull. Shut up jambo. Taste the pockey huck.

### The morning struggle

I wondered to myself. Ribald against the soubrette textile of these crumpled linen sheets. Depleted in my struggle. Nematic in the fuddish gristle of my lude chin; an acyclic crusade upon the unsightly supposition of enthusiasm itself. Shroud to the manufactured glob of human sinew astute inside me. Fantastically unaware of its maiden. Curiously botching words in this lutherian festivity of bacchanalian corporeality. Toneless in its fibre-optic lunacy. Suitably greeted by the charm n' condolese of my youth, as it stares right back into the moth-eaten doddery of my enumerate eyes. 10:20am. I barely tilt my head from below the covers. That couldn't have been right. Were we still in rehearsal? Fuck. The yuppies would livid. Defiled, even. Ceaseless in their southern persistence; chanting hymns of trial n' sacrifice. Proclaim to my absence. Resident to a post-breakfast celebration of sailor's bisket n' meringue friedcake. Invariant upon a deftly tact of officious gum; a long-foregone conclusion to be approached post-chewed by some 20-something-year-old cleaner. Intangibly forgotten upon the daft underside of some cavil train station bench. A sight. A slaw. The protective rubber wear reaches in. Hard n' gunky. Friday's mistake. Clamoured n' adored n' fed back into the bowels of the system without even a day's rent to spare. I shake off the protruding dread with the opine harrumph of a prolix quibble; a muddy sigh of quillet elation, in an inglorious attempt to pull these millet sheets from under the weight of my eggshell body. And yet it was no use. My arms had already evolved into molten planks of dense reinforcement; sunk inside the gelatine goop of my resolve. Barely configured to deflect. Clear in what I'd become.

### Talk about guilt

Maybe I felt guilt over the way I treated my mother. Twat fucker. That unconstitutional contortion of phosphorous sleetch; sludge to the seemingly compromised three-way of apartheid emotion gushing wry from the Volksraad of my skull. Flocculance. Anger. Sadness. All attempting to outlast my corpse in this abundant free-for-all of irresistible violence.
-->
Effluent at the touch of my trundled blame. Rippin' n' pullin' its way through the voltigeur of my skin, in this commercial exuberance of unrelenting rage. Malthusian in the prevailing precedence campaigning to disconnect my face from the dispathy of her abuse, as if she would appear from underneath the floorboards at any given moment, with a knife n' a sponge or two. Volitant in the fear I'd come to know far too well from her perilous waltz. Although perhaps it was all a ruse; a trickery to be trickled into the jeopardy of my own unruly denial. You fake son-of-a-bitch. Perhaps it were I that I truly feared. The villain. The mask. The Skunk which that hath been taught. Responsible for the self-created carnage in my mind. Uncertain in the doubt n' the precarious judder these words recoiled, in an attempt to lull me back into the imprest calm of Mary's judicial misapprehension. The falter was real. What should I believe? Perhaps I would never know.

It's now 10:32am. I receive a text from the devil. A plea for forgiveness. A trigger for my aggravation. Not today. Never. In a lot of ways, my overwhelming hatred stemmed from a default state of mind which had trained itself over the millennia to baste and occur. Much like when I child throws a tantrum at the thought of doing chores, I simply wanted nothing more than to use her face as a rake to comfort the pebbles in my patio at the thought of her. Thankfully, pebbles arranged in perfect feng shui, which I'm sure her Botox-injected face wouldn't object to. My anger and sorrow, nothing more than an immediate reaction to the tumour my immune system recognised as blight, as it shoved its precious little fingers into the bacteria of my eyes and gratified the all-consuming wrath I gathered like dust upon the earth's surface. I wasn't even sure why I hated her so much, only that I was convinced the pain and judgement that I felt was real. It was real and I was chic.

I picked myself up from my bed and made my way into the bathroom, poking the skin of my naked body in a spout of boredom. Staring at the mirror. In frail connection with the person staring back. I didn't know what compelled me to stare so deeply into my own eyes, but knew I could probably continue standing here for hours. Undiscerned in the jingoistic passage of time. Then suddenly, I felt lost. Captured in anxiety. My vision, a frivolous mess, as I stood there gasping in a shortness of breath. My stomach caving in. The vulnerability had kicked in, as broke down onto the floor in faucet of tears. The suffocation had become too overwhelming to bear, exposing what little I knew about myself and these useless hands I wore. I didn't know who I was, nor whom I wanted to be. Only that I'd give an arm and a leg to simply feel ...something. Then a spark of hope. It was time to embark on a vacation of green.

## Scene 1 END

####

## Scene 2 START - weed.

### Describe desk

Abdula's Potato. Papier-mâché profiterole. The desk which swore. The distant protest of an Anglican coffee cup, chanting union in favour of improved recycle times. The cameo floor lamp brimming an emulsified mayonnaise-green. Dribbling its midnight texture upon a never-ending sauté of pre-classified light. The radiation of leisure across a parsley landscape of twaddled fortunes. The allure of creep. Sweet in its starch. Pink wet toad. The dried husk of a once-thriving plant, utterly cremated. Attack. Brown. Stewing in the inaugural toxicity of its own decay. A plume of mould. The gather of presumption, plaguing the rosewood handles of one's own foundry. Appeasing all sorts of grim. The folded stain of a raunchy men's magazine, stolen from an internet cafe in late 2006. A soulless reminder of youth. Perhaps I was invalid. A crave of invalidity. An inclination of rust, pulverising my emotions into a slicken mush of private misuse. To be thrown into a tumbler and recycled for further obfuscation. Pantyhose smoke. Languid heave.

### Talk about weed usage

I safely kept my stash inside a glass-jar in the bottom-right draw of my late 18th-century desk, next to a modified Gatorade bottle which in any manner of speaking, bore the stench of a dead pirate's cunt. Stitched together with cut government piping and patched aluminium foil, the water pipe was an illegal structure which intended to mould into the hands in a bondage of duck tape and blue-collar exasperation. It was a pure object of human disgust, crafted out of the raw necessity for deep inhalation and grief-stricken appetite. A circular edge along an epaxial line. Not quite as bad, however, as the post-smoke spit container. Murderous in its spice of greed. Over the years, the container had evolved into a plural effigy of mucus and phlegm, substantial in its cancerous colony of malignant fondant. Growing without disclosure. Rancid in its expanding injection of alkaline smells and vile ammonia, impetuously blooming into the cerebal atmosphere of the room. I placed the glass-jar of green upon my desk, carefully arranging my papers in a conga line of hand-rolled filters and cut-piece credit cards. In perfect parallel with the green leather antique of the desk-side trims. Tight. Affectionate. I place my headphones over my ears. We're good. The weed in sieve, prudently grinded into a faithful powder with kitchen scissor hands. Frantically engaging in the reticule of spread. Glop. The rituals of the few and many.

### Describe study

The study wasn't particularly therapeutic, let alone much of a study at all. It was more of a drunk phantasmagoric statement on the pride and pertinence of American exceptionalism, in full diabetic display for the senses to aggregate. In front of my desk. A fluorescent orange diptych of a .45 revolver, captured in various shades of parallax aberration; the screen-print from hell. A personal affliction of misery, vomited in an eclectic swirl of blue, white and orange. Above me. A 1957 issue of the American flag, decorated in the nuclear caprice of some 48 administrative stars, certain in their future in the aftermath of Nazi Fortuna. Oh, how those trumpets would blare. And much like the meritocracy conspiring to put a swift end to my antics as Chief Executive Terroriser (CET), settled the prophetic right wall of the apartment building to my left. A deceptive unknowing of brick and shackled blatancy, described as "adorably exclusive" by a high-stakes property manager, whom was wearing nothing but a laminated polyester tie and a pair of wooden crocs. A maximus megaphone of billboard providence, chronically deprived of basic tenacity. The humble beginnings of my inner fiend au explorus, as I emptied the green contents of the sturdy plastic sieve onto an even pocket of rolling paper, popping my kick into a sly tether of homely solipsism and dazzling my desire amongst the translucent air circumcising my efforts to breathe. I was happy. The joint was rolled. I was free.

Perhaps weed wasn't entirely necessary for my survival, although my brain certainly didn't know otherwise. As far as it was concerned, drugs were an entirely necessary extension of my existence, perhaps even compromising of my existence itself. It was the layer of reality which inflated the obscenely high levels of insular hope clouding my lungs, leaving my twill eyes in a glaze of fine China. I don't remember when I first started smoking weed, only that it was a tradition which had relegated itself to weekends, also known as the weekend grunge. First you gain sentience. Then you inhale. Then you dissipate, packing that sucker as hard as you can until your lungs collapse into a pile of honeycomb tar, and you find yourself chewing emptily on the hard excesses of dopamine for at least another week in solitude. DXM Saturdays. Prolactin's elongated title. Ultimately, I wasn't even sure why I did it. Perhaps it just made me feel cool. The feel of cool. The self-loathing of incapacitation. Who even knew. I was just another blurred line to pretend or squander. The outcome of a broken home.

### Talk about food binge.

Usually my plan post-smoke was to head out and buy as much junk as possible. You know, to really capture the sorrow and guilt of the week prior and subsidise those feelings into a bunch of equally terrible meals. And as any good technician knows, getting munted before you head out into this bold world to purchase, truly is key to making it work. Otherwise you'd probably be out saving your money for college or a premium latex-based onahole. And on this evening's menu, we're talkin' polyvinyl sticks. White-label lasanga. Cheesy cowboy stringers. Ballistic adhesive. Those fizzy fucks. All variations of sugary and salty goodness, packed and gutted into those tiny lil' tubes for your convenience, to be prepared and blasted into the spatially unaware confines of your pores so that not a single cell of your precious vital organs could possibly survive the impending failure of thy arteries, in a synaptic whiplash of nerve damage and Christopher Reeves. I would then proceed to purge all the food I ate from my mouth, so I could then consume more. Which soon lead to me discovering that I enjoyed the feeling of purging, far more than the actual eating. Which convinced me to eat even more, so I could then purge more often. I suppose I consoled in the fact that you always knew you were going to feel better post-purge, unlike the blatant linear aardvarkism of food. A lonely appreciation of sadness without the spike of adrenaline to keep you warm. Epicurean catharticism, dressed in an acidic bile of French good-will. I send the blessings of the Pope upon thee.

### The depression of bipolar

For a brief moment I sat there in my chair. Blank. Abandoned. The loud chorus of a German death march amplifying its methamphetamine-inspired drone through my headphones. Mindlessly engaged in the disconcerting enclosure of an empty nothingness. Determined not to think. Perhaps, unable to think at all. It was a period of calm which I hadn't experienced all day, reassured by the fact that I would most certainly be stoned come midday, and everything would be fine and dandy again. That there was some kind of plan in place I could trust, which I know wouldn't utterly fail on me or call me rude names, in a tribute to my success as a human being, which couldn't otherwise be replicated under the ordinary circumstances of my day-to-day life. In ten minutes I'd leave the apartment. Maybe sit on a bench in the park outside. Smoke my joint. Fall into a void of paranoia and self-doubt. Head to the shops. Collect the junk. Return to the apartment. Giddy in conspiracy. Pack a bowl. Smoke some more. Prepare the onslaught, and just dream of what it might have been like if I just received a few more hugs growing up. That's what I wanted to happen. To paint a complete picture of my scars without the tarnish of bullshit to prevent me from evolving into the nourishment of tissue which had become my face. The wholesome without the father. Profit's wallace grim. I rose up out of my chair and headed for the door, plenary in this chamber of partite inequality. Not quite so determined to contend with the putty of pineal distress in the form of my tears, which clearly indicated that I was nothing more than a walking disaster, unable to insinuate how incredibly useless I truly was.

## Scene 2 END

####

## Scene 3 START - neighbour.

Thirty-fuck. The trixie air slams its hairy coon into the back of my neck, needlessly travelling across my cheek in a fastidious rain of filched indiscriminate. Season's greetings, you cunt. Streaks of lightning jilt n' tither across the intrigue of my jaw, throwing my twirl into a pirouette rotation of dreadful cross-examination. The joint fits neatly into the cress of my left ear, like a violet rose on a campaign harvest. Symbolic of our universal craving which hath no suitable name. Spangled in a coil of mirth lingerie n' sprinkled gummy candy, just like Daddy ordered from the pet shop. Index and middle fingers enter my mouth. Suckling the impressionable membrane of my gum. Gaudy shore. A protruding lump. The ruse of a deadbeat mensch.

I was cold. The air was fresh, and I was cold. Too cold for the flimsy balcony supporting the expanding curfew of lines departing from my torso. A feet and a foot. The forebode of a commission housing nightmare, trickling with the sweet awe of exodus so apparent in this hall of halls. Poverty's frosty guess. A touch of mullion vomit. Crawling pebble walls, slathered in the generative stench of pig's brine, witness to a lengthy narrative of reproachful deceit. A concrete tell-tale of Dicken's block and 80s' fanfare, siphoning in droves from the hundreds of burdensome souls preoccupying the locality of this monstrous afterthought. I smelt my breath, and I did not breathe. The flickering yellow of my stained teeth, caught in a profitless chime of residual melody. Variable in its exitial distortion. Jackpot. Nigger. Smile like a fuck. Joint in hand. Saint Joseph. Holy saint of marquee. Pouring thy wine upon an orgy of priests, wrapping thy holy scripture in a counter-flaccidity of thy exquisite peen. I picture my favourite porn star in deep prayer with her Californian charm, wearing nothing but a U.S.A. themed bikini-outfit across the skimp licence of her convenient body. Drenched in the chalice of a placid fake tan, complete with a set of live-sparkler nipple tassles for tonight's penthouse defile. As she parades her fake tits around like a deranged rapist with an intuitive twitch, brewing her soul in a pestiferously filthy spa of cum-infused baby oil. Aching in the sight of a gentlemanly queef. Keep it classy, cumberbatch.

### Woman appears / Describe neighbourhood

I hit the staircase. A woman appears from below the surface of the echoing rungs, carrying what emerges to be an incredulous stack of wooden crates. We had not met, yet I wanted to know more. I observe her struggle with a glost of candied attention, as she attempts to leverage the carbide heel of her stiletto clutch to little effect. She stumbles. I find it cute. The kind of cute which presents itself an opporunity to become her eternal white knight in shining armour. Her stallion du pris. I step in closer to gauge the cognisance of her response, exposing my eyes to the silky black texture of her avocado skin. A mellow tomatillo. Her nightshade of blue without a triage of crown, truffled in a rapier luminosity of pious elegance, flowing from the supercilious jostle of her impenetrable black hair, and down into the delightful blend of geometric equanimity, acurse to her slew-cut hips. It was an instant level of marvellous my heart had to chase, mesmerised in a corrupt ruefulness of loathful disembodiment. She tumbles towards me in an exhaled gaff of punctured sweat. A valiant effort given she'd already made it up 16 flights of stairs, perhaps as a drug mule for the Colombian Cartel. I was willing to take a chance.

"Hey, do you need a hand with that?", I offered, sounding somewhat genuine in my bereaved sense of quay. I hoped she didn't think too much of my muddied track pants, yearning in the cotton allegory of my motherly rejection. Naturally, people assumed I was either a hermit or a paedophile. Possibly even both. Pleasantly surprised, and in dire need of human conversation, she fumbled the crates down onto the ground in an exhausted bumble of flattery, revealing the imminent awe of her clever face. A wonderful tiara of reassuring comfort and fortunate felicity, with a smile designed to illicit romance. I had to learn her. To hold her and more. Yet she was gorgeous, and I was me. A bobble crust of knitted incompetence, preaching in front of a golden spire of immaculate faultlessness. The very least I could was flirt with her.

"That would be great! Thank you so much! Just let me get the door open." I absolutely loved the playful confidence in the way she knew what she wanted, without necessarily asking you to do it. The way her mouth hovered over the syllables of her words, and the way her presence made you feel safe in the complete lack of judgement of your existence. She was a bright arpeggio of inspired direction. The one thing I was sorely needing in life. Love. I was desperately falling in love.

### Describe Apartment Building

Her apartment was posthumously strung between the hawk-eyed pickler at 247, and the incessant string fiddler at 245. A lesbian exchange of Missouri Bourdeaux and late-night scissoring, bringing you all the joy of a vegan animal rights rally without forcing you to leave the comfort of your own home. My least-favourite tenants of the bunch. Then at 230 at the end of the hall was the D&D nerd. A walking cloud of man-sweat and discount cinnamon bun, whom both simultaneously looked as if he'd just come out of the shower, and had never showered a single day in his life at all. A staple patron for the rug n' tug a few blocks down. "That will be seventy, with mouth," chants a small Vietnamese boy, hoping for additional sponsorship if he can keep the entire thing in his throat without projectile vommitting like the last time, as he fervently practices his talents with his father's fist. Then next to the nerd at 232 was the woman in the turquoise mini-van, whom everyone assumed was fucking the nerd, although it was hard to say for sure. A scathing lump of intrepid witchery, aggressively covered in warts from head to toe. Defensively turtled inside her tiny apartment, whom left only in the middle of the night to scour for supplies. Perhaps she was scheming in a gesture of guilt, as she braid the outskirts of her vagina with a hot cattleprod iron, reflective of the way she felt about herself. Regardless, I was falling into a tangent. There was more at stake than sin, and I needed to refocus. She opened apartment door and gestured me to walk in, revealing a whole new world to my eyes.

### Enter her apartment

"Oh, so I see you like screens?", I remarked, taken aback by the museum of historic memorabilia ingesting my vision. Her entire apartment, decorated in the relics of old cinema, ranging from vintage projectors to analogue audiotory devices from the earliest of industrialisation. It was a mortal wave of topography which rose and sung amongst a flurry of Cathode Ray Tubes of antiqued design, all the way to the bundle of large aperature lens in the corner of the room, flourishing with dust near the African blood lily spewing frazzled pollen into the air. She was a classy hoarder, if ever you could describe such a thing. She was everything I wanted and more.

"It's become a bit of an obsession of mine, I'll admit. Although I'd like to think of myself as a cinema archivist." She ended her sentence with a bright up-ticket in her word, prompting the entire stock exchange floor to drop dead and begin panic buying Standard Oil shares. Their was an air of oddity in her denial, and perhaps she was unaware that she held a very severe disorder. Almost everything, including the furniture and even the core foundation of the couch, comprised of vintage machinery. The lights. The walls. The kitchen cutlery. All constructed from pre-1940 metal. Perhaps it was just my inability to understand the coerce of 20th century film, although either way, I thought she was lovely. Lovely enough for me to dig my long fingers deep into her soft pliable skin, as I fucked her tight body in vehement burst of dreich arousal, splay in a horrific restlessness of lust upon an uneven bed of film canisters. I placed the crates down next to the exotic lily, pretending as if I didn't just pull my hamstring coming back up.

"Would you like something to drink?" Yes. Yes, I would.

### Chat on the couch

We began chatting about our lives. The nuances. The struggles. Those stupid neighbours next door. The things which we loved and abhorred, in the scintillating excitement of conversational discovery. I couldn't stop noticing the iridescence of her eyes, contrast against the pure whiteness of her teeth. She felt more like a butterfly, than just a simple tack on the wall. She was a woman with intelligence and character, like staring at the nebulous surface of an unfinished cup of coffee, swirling in tandem against the limitation these words could facilite our interaction. I think she liked me.

"I wish I could write, but I don't seem that great at anything. I just work in support." She turns her body towards my direction, parlous in the docile nature of her shoulders. I think she wants me. She glistens her lips with a smile. I receive a text.

"I look forward to tonight. xoxo". My temperature rose. Shit. Tonight's date with Milo. I'd completely forgot. My scheduled escort with the devil. The reason I'm so messed up.

"It was really nice to meet you, but I better head off," I noted, concerned whether I was even going to be able to meet Milo in time. Hell, I didn't even know where she lived, and it was already 5:14pm.

"Thanks for your help. It was really nicce meeting you too. Feel free to pop round, maybe we could watch a movie together?"

"Yes. I would love that." She was an overwhelming sense of warmth and connection, which transcended well-beyond her intelligence and sublime attraction. Of course, what had most likely happened was that I'd probably gotten way too attached, way too early, and I was consciously willing to completely overlook the fact that her apartment was completely inundated with enough luddite porn to fuel an old steamboat. She walked me out to the front door, waving me goodbye with a smitten smile on her face.

Victoria was her name.

## Scene 3 END
