---
title: "date."
description: "A chapter where the character goes on a date with Milo."
day: "Saturday."
notes: [
    "I'm not 100% sure about the necessity of some of these paragraphs, in particular their ordering, let alone the whether they should be deleted permanently. Like I don't know how I feel about the first paragraph. Lyrically it doesn't add a lot of depth."
]
---

## Scene 1 START - sharehouse.

### Describe Anxiety

Blah. Blah. Blah. Twirple. Twerp. Twat. Surrrpple. Slosh. Schlop. Barmy. Larmy. Plum. Sempre. Empire. Oh. Empire? Zanana. Tempelio. Adarsh. Frelissimo. Palundius. Mant. Cultun. Splatoot. Eippal. Wzender. Mollat. Cat-anya. Howwel. Venner. Natura. Nervous. Excited. Quaint. I felt sick. Heart wretched tight. Eyes tumbled violent. Stripped. Tenderised. A hurl of mirage. A sidewalk of sausage. Mahogany. Breakfast. Fuck. My immediate vicinity. A mere outline of dissolved potential. Shapes n' sounds. Our friendly dynamic duplicit duality dynamo duo. tre. quatro. That's right. That's right? THAT'S RIGHT! Pow! Wow! OMG!? The bread. The butter. My mouth. An explosion of yeast. Rumbling swough through my stomach. Beautiful. Boy. Lovely. Teeth like a corroded rubber stamp. Liam. I begin touching myself uncontrollably. Face of Crompton™. My hands shake with a Stetson tenacity. I just want to be. Let me be me. Be me be. Let.

### Describe Neighbourhood

It was dark. I'd just arrived at the Street of Plenty™, embalmed in a couldron of Robin Hood Anxiety™. Umbrella in hand. Happy to appear relevant in this bizarre neighbourhood of pitiful descent, setup as a high-stakes echelon of boardgame antiquity at a night at Tiffany's. The louver is lowered. The hesitation is subtle. The care is spout. I mult my way down the street. Legs in a tumultuous persuade, overflowing my chalice with the gould looks of a kitschy tennant smokin' schmaltzy twee. Appreciative of the avid continuity of these Victorian terrace walls, ursurping all culture along Plenty's stockdale homes of vandal n' squalor. In relish of their stolen Windsor ceilings, cracked n' commended by the beaten Oceania of their rusted tin decor. Born from an accolade of mismatch husbandry n' illicit-orgiastic affairs. The street was as loud as it was dear. Double Plenty™. Treading through a thick soup of native lawn, I pictured Milo being fucked on the worn cream couch beside her front door. Laughing. All while trying to down a beer with her recently vacant non-smoking hand, being appropriately ravaged from her fingers in a diplo of aerosol enthusiasm. As our unnamed assailant pins her down and delivers his penis through a thick yoke of pre-cum, dribbling in turmoil from the malaise her uretha. A point of contrition under the dithering necessity of liquor, forcing her to brave the calamity of his giant cock and simply push through. Sweet as sweet can be.

### Front Door, Meet Drugged Girl

I arrive at her front door saddled in a entourage of worry. Barely determined to be more than just another counter in this discoloration of closure. I was sin. The particulate of my lungs, a worthless aid to this chrome of cattled exhilaration. The distance is unbearable. My finger collides with the doorbell in a punch of raw sweat, caught against a cataclysmic rift of banished motion. The air freezes. The mind waits. Silent. Surrounded by the unsettling tones of chortled-doubt whispering mystery into the manuscript of my ear. Unsympathetic in their benign intentions to settle and transpire. Pretend. Lost in a caustic shackle of nightfall paranoia, befall upon us all. Weeping. Wailing. Crawling down my spine. Her mobile. Fuck. I probably should have called it instead of coddling at her door like a homocidal caretaker, flavouring the negligence of my next victim in a tireless wrought of incessant hammering. Tuft against the weary piece of wood separating her autopsy from my murderous hands. But my mind was precisely one step behind the curb in this deluge of squeaky replication; indignant in these poor suede shoes designed to impress. I would be defeat. Devour upon the soul.

Then in a reveille of keen emissivity, my ears latch on to an erratic stampede of footsteps from within the house. A squirrel? Had Milo become a squirrel? Then a thud. Crank. The door slams itself wide open and a girl with pink locks and delicious bleached-swirls bursts out onto the porch in an exorbitant display of giddy laughter. Falling to floor in a heave of sliced screaming, as she grabs hold of my scrumptious thighs. Now resembling hobbled pieces of fried chicken to her child-like eyes. Dilated. I take a step back. She stops. Laughs. Turns onto her stomach and looks up at me from the deck below with a delirious smile of incapacitated charm. Refactoring wildly. Contorting. Madly. Her eyes continue to follow me with an extreme precaution, as she licks her lips with a silicone grin, as if to remind herself that she even had lips at all. Probably LSD. Baste upon a palette of a fatherless upbringing. Welcome to the club, kiddo. I suppose I was intrigued. Although not intrigued enough to drop everything and begin fucking her on the floor, as my heart had so delicately desired. There simply wasn't time. The broad could be fucked later.

### Drugged Girl, Greet Milo

"Arent you thhee kind man." I didn't really understand what she was trying to say, although I didn't expect anything less from the moistened bundle of joy attempting to mimic Daffy Duck's shadow with the outline of her gingerly fingers. Auspicious. I suppose it was a compliment without the compliment, best served with corned beef n' a light drizzle of clam chowder. A combination designed to dull n' congratulate in the worst possible way. She was the kind of lonely attraction who encouraged date rape, in an ode to her overwhelmingly crippled self-esteem. An ample coping mechanism she revealed in the cheap tattoos and slit razor-marks delineated throughout her body, to be serviced by a Sugar Daddy with a grill for crack-cocaine. An emotionally-unworkable male and his thematically-unstable jailbait. Sharing a cold meal in the booth of an outback diner, ready to pull n' tease with a line of coke at ease. I step over her fancy body and into the scope of the hallway, turning an immediate right into what appeared to be the kitchen. I find Milo leaning extensibly over the kitchen sink, decorated in thigh-high knitted socks which continued into the outskirts of her pink-lace pantyhose. Seemingly, the only sane person in this shared imagination. Well, up until I witnessed her withdraw a week-old tampon from her vagina, before reinserting it back in without even a dally of care. Certainly, our marriage would be grand.

### Milo Realisation

"How's it goin', stranger?", she concurred, as she bent herself over the crest of her cross. Struggling to maintain the tight fitting of her mirthfully loose leggings, drooping daint from her stick-thin legs. Hair caught in a Preston Louise. Faulty. As she passes me a sedated wink of comical misunderstanding upon the rub of her vulpine sweater. Cheeks dressed in a cherubic liquor of Canadian black tar. Cigarette in hand. Marty shoelace in the other. Fabulous. For a moment I stood there in a slouched comportment, as I observed her from a distance. Revaluing her careful with the cherish of my eye. And for at least a few seconds in that moment, until my mind came to sexualise the delirant tarantella before me, it became clear to me that Milo was in fact a grot. Neither pure nor sanctious in the deformed cane of substance abuse which had resulted in her subjectively spoke body, keen to protrude my misgiving penis through her shriveled stomach lining. Smeared solely with the remnants of last night's vodka and a packet o' gum to help calm her apparent OCD. Yet although I could feel the rejection in my heart. That dire need for some kind of leafy green outlet to unclog my arteries, in a refute attempt to push back the grotesque husk of flea-infested cum leaning before me, the lull was simply too strong. My mind was intent and my hands were desire. And soon the gaze turned to stare, in what was neither a feeling of abhorrence nor attraction. Only a rugged refusal to dismantle the fantasies of sex n' gore I'd upheld of her stature for so incredibly long, in a cage to be shared with our decaying bodies. As we held each other peaceful until the end of time. Please give me my fantasy, you whore. Hopefully, she would let me hold her hand.

### Milo Conversation

"Only slightly suicidal. I think I bumped into your friend at the door. Is she going to be okay? She's currently flailing on the patio gurglin' an ol' Groucho Marx tune." I hear a thin slate of groaning in the background. Clearly she's in need of desperate attention. Maybe she just needed to be fucked?

"It's only Ketamine. She's down to twice a week now, so I think she'll be fine for tonight." An expert opinion from the premiere of expertise itself. Welcome to reality, rundle kitches, where everyone's an expert and all meaning is a lie. Have a milky bar, kid. The calcium is good for you. Miltary ankles. Her fingers were awry. The cat was ready pounce. She lights up another cigarette, strutting towards me in a plume of exhaled smoke. Before kissing me on the lips in a femme fatale of provocative aorism. She curls her dominant leg around mine. The light was here and it was my refulgence was hither. The theatre had begun.

"What do you say we head out to the city, stranger. My shout."

## Scene 1 END

####

## Scene 2 START - outing.

### Describe Romance

I place my tongue around my neck, embracing the flavoured tinnitus of a dappled arcadia. Chitter. Chatter. A lexical slurry pours from her mouth in an indecipherable madness of paradoxical immorality. Trickling in its unmarked presence. Slurring in its finite retro-carbon of meaningless aspersion. Tickling. Taunting. Enveloping my reality upon a bisectional notation of radical peversion, subtle in its cease like a hit of Marsden crack along the primrose of my gums. Vial. Flippo. Shatter. The laughter and its black dress, overflowing with a suicidal ideation. Drawing blood from the seamstress of ivy. Common in my touch. Green in its vine. Swallowing my lungs whole in this lovey-dovey vacuum of galt premonition. Limbering. Preference. The illegible quiver of a sex-deprived addict. Prerogative. Fool. "Like tryin' ta squash Lego into a squelched antelope." Racin' lucky down Bucko's ranch into a bright yellow pit of ethically-sourced adrenaline. Marked unerring with the dry scent of italicised road paint. White. White. Red. Voracious to impress her ribbon-like waist with a good ol' whack-a-mole-ay. The glory hole speaks. A finger nail appears. Amble in the meandering sway of my viscious claws, anxious to hold her despondent hands down and call her princess amongst a cavalier of the nice, pretty things. This season's collection was complete, and I wanted more.

Through the thick musk of the dusk harbor bay, our footsteps wade. Concurrent with our breath. Primula oxlip. The spark of our death. She takes a look at me with cat-like eyes. Subserviently caulked in the cultural silhouette of an Indian-family affair playing "Daddy knows best" in a cultural scamper of domestic heirarchy. Daddy picks child. Up. Shouts in a foreign language. Mummy stands tall. Waitin'. Thinkin' bout' Korma n' spicy dough, cause I'm a racist fuck with a horrible binge. The cigarette falls from my mouth, breaking my train of thought. The scene was suitably romantic, if not a touch endearing. At the very least it was quiche. Good soul material. I look up into the night sky. Barely here, nor there. The clouds. Amiss in their wretched drudgery. Shrouded in their eerie ways. Whispering wind amongst the creep of their shadows. Lurking and melding into the fragmented movement our veins loathed in drab. A distant forefather creaks. Refracting upon the crayon surface of the cautious river below. Shimmering. Just enough to convince Milo to latch onto my hand, as she pressed her tight body against the elevation of my shoulder. A moment I'd been thinking about since the day we first met. She was cute. A cutie cat. My pernicious corn. A respendence of next-day regret, developed as a centerpiece to be worn on social media. Perfect. The flicker in my eyes had become pronounced. I was becoming derranged in my hunger for self-acceptance. The integrity which was not there. Which I assumed held me together amongst some esoteric council of the few. Certainly it was vastly preferred to lying in bed, sulking over the metaphysical appearances of this dreary sitcom. Perhaps tonight I would be more than just me.

### Sodomy Monologue

"There's something fantastic about sodomy." A religious travesty of heightened caution, equivalent to strapping a vest of C-4 to your God-given body, running into traffic and blowing up an entire bus full of Indonesian school children. Limbs akimbo. Blood in vicious tandem. Blooms of crisp trigonometry, pouring down and around and around onto the streets of Jakarta below. In an indecent cascade of ceremony upon the world's most egregious constitutional monarch, service to the public's desire for law and order. But at least the shrapnel of a half blown-up dick didn't happen to enter the gaping asshole of another child's corpse, because that would have been an absolute tragedy beyond the unprecedented death we have all witnessed here today. The bodies are collected. The parliamentarians speak. The news adjourns. The people are OUTRAGED. Fragments of the bus are placed on trial over a series of gruelling injustices, and buses are soon banned in a collective attempt to prevent the inevitable. The homosexuality of dead children. Milo smiles. She enjoys the routine. Well, at least I hoped she enjoyed the routine, because it was key to her liking me. In fact, it was key to everyone liking me. Not just as that guy tellin' her jokes like it's 1999 at her desk, but also as her lover at the end of her bed. Eating her out in a diseased free-for-all of frenzy delight.

"You really are evil, aren't you?", utters Milo, as she detaches away from my arm. Keen to skip about on the sidewalk next to me, reflecting upon the vulval flow of the night river glow, a-twirl in her own dark grave of disturbing fascination. I could never quite tell what she was thinking in these moments of glee. Whether she was scheming with me or against me. Nor did I understand with whom. Although it felt awfully as if I'd been plucked from the herd in an arbitrary tribunal of whim, to be briefly admired for my weak-willed courage to suspend n' persist. Clash against her unbalance. Slid beneath the floorboards. Only to be discarded and thrown away once my touch had lost her heart. Contest to my overbearingness as an individual. A trait which I had heralded as a quirky coping mechanism to be aligned with, which I vehemently knew was sinking me this entire time. Drowning me in a latrine of my own quibbled speculation. I was dust boy, and she was dustpan mistress. Sweeping me up for my own good, so I could be reacquianted with the silence of bin which had kept me distant all along. Please cue the uncontrollable depression. Rapid assembly required. Batteries will not be included.

I take a moment to admonish the sultry glamour of her fishnet blouse, causing her to spark in a melodic betrayal of Bismore judgement. I don't understand why, but I enjoy the attention. Phase shift. She turns her head towards the coil of my hesitation. Eyes wide-open. Tautologically drawing the outline of my torso with the edge of her tongue, now slithered in-between her teeth in a plymouth hunger of pneumatic tension. Inconsummate, like a tailor of preferential indecision bleeding sour from her gums. Ideologically opposed. Delinquent. I suppose I'd always been afraid of this moment. Where man meets women, and where woman meets man. Cavalcade to an underground cavern of sexual theatre, taught millennia before the common triangulations of consent n' jowl health. Woman is clubbed. Woman is raped. Woman gives birth to the future of the crown and life continues its viscous cycle until we eventually achieve some semblance of balance. A union of civil rights n' unfavourable divorce. Naughty. Leading us to present day. Ground zero. An uncanny valley of gore and racism where not even the sweetest of words are enough to impress the discarded genitalia of a used Japanese sex doll. The catastrophic grief you feel inside you blares with a soft loudness, resuming expectation's mighty roar. Manhood. Lost. The pressure rips itself methodologically through the grain of your skin, scolding bone as a consequence of your own childish demeanor. Aching and breaking you. Leaving you sad and alone. Longing for expression. Any expression at all. Attempting to prove itself dear in this smear of naked adoration, like a slaw of mulched grape seed slobbered down upon a senior's breakfast pantaloon. Chutney. Milo was my main course and I was absolutely dying to chew. Give me your pulp, bitch. Give me your whore.

We get closer. I take another pointless comment from my mouth and I stick it on her forehead, hoping to sound lost within my own intellectuality. It gathers no response. Her milk is tepid. I can see it in her eyes, the boredom which grows at a snail's pace across the glaze of her truffle belaire. Idle. Repeating. I am annoying to her. A jester without his hands Inundating her air with a clear sense of D E S P E R A T I O N; another flaw I'd simply come to accept as a premium feature of my own personality. Revealing itself in my obvious inability to convey anything meaningful beyond the vacillation of these words, prominent in their displace. The tally is revised. The gates begin their mechanical draw and I am one step closer to sitting alone in my apartment, contemplating suicide as I eat a half-frozen meatpie in front of the thin layer of dust I call my computer monitor. Wanking. Lying about my happiness to the world. Eventually raping my therapist to feel even a glick of emotion. Thankfully, the destination had arrived at our footsteps and the pace was ready to explode. A second chance for a second best man. A pub with a Scottish name. I presume it was written in some form of Gaelic. I doubt it was a detail the reader would care about. Although I kept it in for good measure.

## Scene 2 END

####

## Scene 3 START - outing.

### Describe the bar

Rock n' roll n' nicotine scratches. The immediate reverberation of the in-house band pummels me into a two-bit amplitude of broken distortion, rupturing my canals into a pile of smashed rubble n' narcoleptic disorientation. It was the beginning of what would become a post-traumatic ringing in my ears, which would be felt well into the early hours of the next morning. Churning meekly at the cones and rods shaken violent against my harrowing plea for homely subsistence. The jackhammer equivalent of a week-long DXM binge, burrowing it's way into the erysipelas of my soul. I needed a drink. The head honco flips me her middle finger, wholesome in a French occupation of swivel inebriation. I liked her style. Her short black bob wig; a trashy kind of iconography. It was almost as synthetic as her bloated lips, attached to the end of a bathroom stall blowjob still awaiting it's final outcome. Dark n' murky like her black military boots, designed to stomp n' decapitate a gook's weak neck. I was in. Wait, where did Milo go? I take a moment to glare at the sloven sparsity before me, crowd n' cashed up n' an alcoholic folly of Saturday night disrepair. Cheering against the rein, buyin' teenage angst at adult prices in amongst a fuckwit's galore. Those blacked out youth in their cordoroy t-shirts n' tie-labelled affair, justifyin' confidence with another able-bodied stint at the helm of the bar. The medieval swoon had arrived and I was keen to boot. Slumber. Some drunken fuck swerves into me in a looseless-nancy, smashing his head onto the oak hardwood of the bar top besides me. As the oak laces its way around the room in a liquor tetrohedron of doom. The blood was a mess. Although nothing a quick wank couldn't fix.

### Milo's Desires

"Man, where do they find these people!?", I shout out into the crowd, knowing full-well that no one can hear me. It turns out Milo was behind me this whole time, searching for some kind of self-recognition to tout. Perhaps for another man to grab her on the breast, just to prove how awful men were. Just so she could turn that anger into a ravenous allegation of sexual misappropriation, as I embroil my finger along the outskirts of her palsied vagina. Emotionally indifferent to her subdue of bronchitis n' cheese puffs. I was ill. I could tell Milo felt at home in amongst the grunge, as her mind erred towards the adolescent trash feeding her appetite for arterial distress. Comfort in the inarticulate flay of heat n' cosmetic muscle in this dumb mediocre soup of voiceless excitement. She steps over the drunk fuck to access the bar, flirting with the waitress along the way. Perhaps as a sign of good measure. Certainly the bust of her celtic dress catches my eye, clearly ten sizes too small for her overly indulgent must-have figure. The sweat on my hands mellow as the band winds down their set, calculated in their next number. The resounding chatter amplifies. The rowdiness of the crowd develops. Milo turns her head towards me with a sharp smirk n' a brief giggling sneer, as if to suggest that I had some part to play in this scene. Perhaps a threesome in the dumpster outback to alleviate my prudish infidelity. She begins chatting away with the bartender. I think they kiss. Then seemingly, she disappears completely from my sight, carried away by a torrent of desperate patrons bidding for their next pint. Bloody hell. It was just like the '90s all over again.

### Character realises his desperation

Admittedly I'd always felt out of place at bars. Not that it felt artificial, but it certainly didn't reflect the level of intimacy I'd desired, smudgeon across the venerable hardwiring of my brain. Not that these ideas were particularly fancy within themselves, although what choice did I have in this game of cat n' cum, seeping from the cringe of my mottled foreskin, now pulsating wildly in a ripe fondue of refulgent effluvium for the women on my screen to jerk n' plunder. Rancid was the contrast. In my ideal fantasy world we'd both be laying there naked, sulking in a dark room together. Alone. Tending to our wrists in a physical alteration of emotional depression, actin' blind whortled like a bunch of straggled teenagers with a penchant for nostalgia n' late-night addiction. How sickeningly cliché. It became clear to me in that moment, in amongst the affective layers of aborted diaphoresis circularating within the air, that there was a large part of my childhood which simply didn't exist. Which had effectively fabricated itself into the prose of these words, designed to drag n' inundate like an hour-long session of replication therapy. Overanxious. Vulnerable. Deceit. Milo arrives from the bar carrying two pints of cider, along with what looks like a Wet Pussy. Perhaps we could make this work after all.

### The Kiss

"This is for you, soldier. I've already had mine," she loathes in a thyroxine of excitement. Her two-dollar lipstick now smeared down to her neck, as I attempt to injest the inappropriately named cocktail. Mesmerised by the charity of her generous hands, grabbing at my pants in what was clearly a sign of risky behaviour. And yet the pants wanted more, undeniably hardened by the kick of her feverish charm. In a lot of ways, Milo was like a beaten cat covered in it's own piss. Reeking of doubt n' regurgitated sardines n' all sorts of blue-collar misandry, and although part of you wanted to adore the innocence of its poverty, the putrid of its shame, it was also hard not to be repulsed by the linger of its outfit. Churning in your stomach like a yellow fever. Palpitating joyous in the stupor of my grim. And yet, the repulse is exactly what captures your imagination, as you interally devise a list of all the nasty things you hope to get away with. Stepping on thy pitiful. Eating from its poor beggarly hands. Fallaciously drawing you deeper into it's venal state of mired vexation; the perfect canvas for an iterative mind n' gunk full of impious greed. The abjection curses at me with a heavy smile. The thought dettaches. My hands multiply and the world around me becomes pronounced in ways I coudln't have possibly desired. Legible. Saint. My vision begins to blur n' fade within the wisdom of my own mind, as the alcohol rushes to my head in an aggrieved reminder of dewy potential. We push our bodies slowly together, feeling the enchantment of our own misery. Her mouth enters mine. Our lips become supple and for the first time in my life, I'd finally knew I'd won.

### The Choke

Milo chokes.

"Is everything okay?", I respond. Too drunk to fully understand what was truly going on. She pulls away from me, unapologetically throwing my hand off her. I'm confused. I chase her to the bar, where she stops me.

"Listen. I'm sorry kiddo, but I can't do this."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean you're a nice guy n' all, but I gotta stop fuckin' around. This just isn't me and you're not my type."

### The Disbelief

For a moment I stand there. Paralysed in my own unbecoming. Entirely unresponsive to the world and it's misgivings. It hurts to breathe, but that's okay. At least it indicates that I still have a breath at all. I see her standing there. Awkwardly. I break down into a flurry of tears. I think she's upset too, although perhaps for different reasons. How was I not her type? I was her everything. Perhaps that was just the narrative I'd told myself. The breathing becomes harder. My stomach freezes into a hurl of black ice. Why was I so worthless? Why couldn't I just have something nice happen in my life for once? I see her turn away. Please don't leave. A million different thoughts rush through my mind, all seemingly inconsequential to the experience of life. Her nice legs disappear. I try to compose myself, but I don't see the point. I need to get out of this joint. Hell, it would have been nice to have had a joint on hand as well, but I didn't really think that far. I stumble out of the pub and I vomit into the gutter of the sidewalk. Face down. Nervous. Alone. Thinking of Milo. How much I missed her already. I pick myself up and start walking towards the station. The misery had just begun and I had no idea how to stop it.

I recieve a text on my phone.

"Oh, and please don't text or call me. It's rude."

## Scene 3 END
