---
title: "therapy."
description: "A short chapter with a therapist to discuss success, depression and potential bipolar."
day: "Sunday."
---

## Scene 1 START - lobby.

### Magazine Monologue

"10 Hot Tips For Amazing, Mind-Blowing Sex." The front cover of every men's magazine. Sizing and measuring you down to the retrofit standard, just like the piece of shit you are. That glorious accolade of levity opportune. To be printed at birth upon a thin laminate of unmet judgement, stapled to your forehead and published to thy data centre nnearest to thy heart.

"I am an average half-male Asian with an overwhelming propensity for sticking my penis into the hulls of pretentious white women," states my labellum. Illustrated in a beautiful Iranian typeface, extracted from page five of a ten-part contemporary guide to desktop publishing. How glorious, you must say. Well, quite glorious indeed, if I don't say myself. I place the magazine down onto the polyvinyl coffee table in front of me, offering no illusions under the innocuous litter of garbled reading material laid before my crest. As the pages attempt to tingle n' conspire round the hot-rolled furlough of the treated walnut legs supporting its plea; startling themselves into a feint gloria of reprise. Begging me for their tender gorge n' retention. Cream upon the furtative tint of the pandamorium alyis we lust, constructed from the boredom of one's own mind. The guttural in high. My face begins to ponder, melting me into the crown of my seat like loom. Evidently, today had already become far too much for these heavy, virulent hands. The monologue begins.

### Hopeless Monologue

"We try to love ourselves." We try to breathe meaning into our pursuits and desires, providing them with gloss and texture to make our lives appear more decorative than they truly are. We try to shower our souls in the finest of ingredients and with the most decadent of minds, only to perceive flaw in the underlying aberration of our spluttering plyth. Surreal in its prolific marvel of tantamount clutter, tearing and hemorrhaging us apart like the gutted hulls of a Hallowe'en pumpkin. Pluvial in its mash. Gauss in its hovel. Perfectly rigid in its asinine classification of dirt n' other insignificant oddities. For the cruel is a place for all your hopes and dreams, those unwritten lies of youth, to be lavishly processed under the laborious eye of an obscure Japanese algorithm. As it lauds n' extols over its antediluvian lambast of Harajuku fleece n' floozy Kigurumi men, emulated via a 1994 ANSI standard of comparative Lisp; steady with a dash of Cobol to boot. As it teams with a doubt you so solemnly believed was a mere anti-pattern to be corrected by the engineers over at Google. Castigate, you stupid fool.

### Describe Boredom

I stare into the palm of my hand with the attention of a spider. Curling my lips with the ply of my tongue. Appearing granular in the linguistic irrelevance of these abstruse words; tectonic in the fibre-optic lunacy looming from the hoards of discretion receding from my mouth. Germane is a gloat. FUCK. An empire of afterthought dismantles before your very eyes, plagued by a scourge of famished locusts, as they contemplate their regular routine of savage deconstruction in a structured alimony of incarnate n' curriculum. The gravy train is cold. The spire lingers. The wind rushes across your face amidst an ethereal typhoon of relentless jabbing. Terribly broken. Quieten ziplock. I hush back to the comfort of my gamboling pirouette, solidly uncertain of who I was in this very moment. Glazing over my vision. Classically trained, perhaps. Contemplating an existence which refused to feed. Splendid in the repulsion which only I understood; peachy to a point of demise. Wavering. Piteous. Congenital in its touch. Unrequited in its idyllic hold. I grab taste of the blood seeping from my upper lip, accidentally bitten in a trove of compound anxiety. Crony. The air was stale, and the faultless promise of a better life was nowhere to be found.

### Describe Foul Lady

Oh, and the smell. The fucking smell had become UNBEARABLE. It had transgressed into a visually stained splotch of acidic discharge, spread thin amongst a gelatinous estuary of fangled hoisery n' speckled period blood. As its loathsome willow peered into my tolerance, squalidly disconcerned with all aspects of my avid disaffection with the foul of this world. The cellulite of her diamond-crust thighs, found venerated in the exfoliated skin of a burn-victim's crotch. Left to disintegrate under the shoveled distress of an effluent highway of pig's guts n' dog's shit. It was none other than the tangled odor of the old shriveled cretin sitting to my right, as she proceeded to cross her gnarled flaps thrice; prompting me to gag in a marrow vomit of scented decomposition. The witch must be removed. Tortured. Molested. Raped at the stake. I wanted nothing more than to rip the flitted flesh from her bloodied hymen, as a means to fuck the wound with a fistful of detol, until I could smell the overwhelming silence of bleach. Trickling from the hyperglycemic depths of her fetid vagina. Cursory to death. Gosh. Where was my therapist so I could fuck her? In dear solemn, I felt uneasy amongst my thoughts. As they provided a level of self-violation well-beyond even my own ability to curate. I stare at the malodorous woman with an auspicious eye. She stares back. Suckle my lunt, you clitch.

### Clinic Lobby

I sat there in the lobby of the clinic, mired in a thick scrub of southern indigestion. Stomach gurglin'. Leer vypin'. Synthetic feelin' with a quaint jeer of revulsion du jour, as I proceeded to lick the tips of my exquisite fingers. Flippin' through the sham that was last week's editorial. Published by a feminist with the opinion of a clown. The crisis of the patriarchy. The spate of Iran. The oppression of le Cheezel. Well, I suppose she wasn't wrong. I blink bristly at the awful stench sitting beside me, shooing her away with the ghast of my hwang. As I hiss into her general direction without recess. Observing her mull into the frilled hairs of her battered chin, allure upon a thick duvet of rat fur. As she sat there irritated, catatonic in a disasterous cough of prune juice n' pea. Voluptuously sipping her sturdy canister of ethical soda, kept close to her diluted chest. Conveniently strapped to a volcanic slime of pink jello n' sodium nitride, now teetering from the edge of her gums. Rustling against the lude careen of her mundane jowls. Biffin delure. Pockey O'Harris. She had become the spewin' daffney of a frail iron harp; the pristine sweater of a thousand nylon faces. Vile in her plume of fashionably unfashionable faux pas. I see yellow. And grey. The impressionable statement of a loose flower imprint. I suppose she was beautiful by human standards, if ever such a thing could occur. Like an obtuse quartet of despicable orange. A quick fuck before a heart attack flick fluck shluck. Balsamic in a never-ending orgasm like the strobelight of a underground nightclub, agonising her clit in ravage of demure. No wonder she was in therapy. Certainly, I doubt that she would ever have the potential to become a good mother. Not with an octogenarian face like that. Fictitious munt.

Now, to say that I hated therapy was an understatement. I couldn't possibly have thought of anything more pointless, nor contrived, than to explain why I was so fundamentally flawed in the most cantankerous of ways. "I'm retarded, missy. I think it might be because I use the word faggot too much." I doubt she even knew what the word faggot meant, let alone why it was used so liberally to describe the conundrum of my disguise. Lurking in sinster dupree. Squalid without even a hint of surprise. Therapy, in my opinion, was nothing more than an excuse to taunt n' prey upon those more helpless than thyself. Crass upon the emotionless blemish of a clinical psychopath, extensive in her doctorate of dialectic primatology. Forever examining my white ideals of Dorian pleasure in a grand game of cuck n' pittance. And finally, in what seemed like an ungracious eternity, the distraction of the hour finally arrives to the podium to call my name. Croaking melodically as if Sunday had just arrived. Inviting me to her lair. Drawing me into her cosy dungeon of inadequate maltreatment, as she gestured my soul to sit down upon the fading fabric of her previous victim's nightwatch. Grooming me with her promises of tap water, uncompromising in her dollar-shop fantasia of tourmaline glitter. In purpose, we must. She recieves one of my pennilessness smirks, before I decide to place my plastic cup back into the calm of my lap. In shineth we chime, you horrid bitch. Urticaria sun. Fortuna o' grace.

## Scene 1 END

####

## Scene 2 START - therapy.

### Therapy - Expresses his feelings.

"Well for starters... I disowned my mother," I began. Pretending as if I were actually being interviewed for a cordial position on the cast of Saturday Night Live. Sonny Jr. The flair of my unassuming conceit, cashed against the alter-ego of my sometimes hilarity; the stunning chalcedony of a mere amateur. I gleamed into her eyes with a promissory tone of calcic observation, taking note of the bright green earrings which dangled from her lobes like a freckled bouillie. Surely it was an amiable gift from an astute admirer, as she wore what appeared to be her husband from the drapes of her shoulders; a gifted handbag from her mother in 42'. As per usual, my therapist was unimpressed with my lack of commitment to the process. That holy sanctimonious thud of operational munch vitalius, to be peddled n' repeated like a slap across the face in the cold of June. Visually it was obvious to me that she felt wholly uninspired by my tatty remark. Perhaps even anthem to an orgasm she experienced 25 years ago during an extraordinarily fatuous episode of Seinfeld. Perhaps she would warm to me following a quick titty-fuck, although I didn't dare to proclaim.

To me the therapist was a cold shoulder of hate n' posterity. Pertinate in her asides. Ludicrous in her preposterous interrogations which bordered dyslexic in the implausible hum of inconsequence which scowled from her tongue like the hinter of a beast. At best she was an incomplete set of petulant narratives, detailing the mischief she insinuated upon 20th century men via the discarded tape recorders she kept close in her lungs. Detest to her ego. Crater to her concealment. Functioning as a vacuum of utilitarian comfort, designed to suck the joy n' pleasure from the foundations of human necessity itself. A method she eneveloped into its own recurrent train of thought, delivered via a haptic frenzy of uncompromising hand gestures and seizure-inducing flashes; the kind of foreplay she paid good money for. If only to feel the remainder of her youth, succumb to a stranger with an unyielding titillation for stale breast milk. How quaint. Yet, there was something comforting in the brown cardigans n' worn tennis trainers she bore around her commendation for fleece. As if to suggest that she simply didn't care for the deep layers of cat hair n' coffee stains which preoccupied her blouse. Besmirching her uterus in the thick scum of this past century's ideals. Delightful. Which was to say that the therapist reminded me of my dearest Milo; the crown jewel of my imagination, the throth coursing from my acorn. Of course, as a male it was my mission to fuck everything and anything that moved, just like Daddy would have wanted. Whether ex or therapist, my repress was just another modern discomfort I was forced to endure. I could tell she was offended. She continued to study me.

"...aaaaaand I've been dumped, and I pretty much want to kill myself." I doubt she picked up on the sarcasm, although it would have been nice to at least have received a giggle. Laugh you stupid whore. Appease this comical foundry of foresaken witness, demoralised by thee rotten consternation. Apparently the suicide-themed zinger had not registered positively on her palette of appropriate behaviours, and had now been sternly tossed aboard under the sterling judgement of her crabby cunt crim. In a lot of ways, our interaction mimicked the progression of a golden marriage turned sour. Sheath under the dried husk of coconut peat I would soon call her vagina. Although I suppose it was in my best interest to throw her a bone during these hungry, hungry times. Not only was I dying for closure, but it was a whole lot better than pretending that I wasn't actually mentally ill. Value for money 101.

### Therapy - Apology.

"Listen, I'm sorry. I was just joking. There's just a lot going on in my life right now." She continued to eye me with a dim falsetto, etching her claws against pique of her shredded coat, before finally deciding to chime in to the network of my woes. Her first words. Only 4 minutes 32 seconds into our session. A new record in this quarterly dime of dimes.

"I understand that it must have been difficult. Would you like to talk about it?" Outstanding professionalism.

### Therapy - Diversion.

Who knows. Maybe I did. Maybe I didn't. Perhaps I wasn't ready to admit that I was an awful human being. Perhaps I never would be. Why was I even here? My neck tightened at the thought, extending its misery down into the congeal of my prolonged shadow. Undecided in its perspicacity for childish meandering. Solidly illiquid. Temporarily undisclosed. I reached out into the depths of my mind, hoping to discover something rational in amongst the recreational ween of my teenage hive. Obsessed with a nitrogenous fervour for underage sex, which streamed down my arms in a slurry of poriferous sorrow. Administered in candentation. Pleading to be fulfilled. Overflowing in the thirst of my lethargy, as I sat there in the zenith of her harbinger din. Purchased on the back of an unpayable student loan. Clear in my own mind that I was in no place to belong. Paralysed by an inconsiderate volume of emotion which kept me jagged n' sly. Chide in its snicker. My mouth became turtle. I mean, how does one express the guilt, sadness and anger that one feels without breaking down into a puddle of harangue puree? Peddlin' thy circles. Lipid at the substrate. I could feel a tangent approaching.

### Therapy: What is success?

"Maybe I just don't feel successful," I uttered to the therapist. She knew I was bluffing, but I suppose it was more than I deserved.

"Well, what's your idea of success?" the therapist responded.

"I don't know. Maybe it's having sex with a hooker who'll remember my name. Maybe it's just having sex at all. I guess I just want to feel less terrible about everything." You could almost taste the ingenuity crimp from the constrain in these words, like a kiss of battery acid along the press of one's lips, dispersed without warning, as I dipped my face into a plastic cup of water like a stubborn penguin with a purpose to be meant. Lopsidedly suckling the remaining few drops of liquid I'd clearly already finshed, if only because I felt anxious sharing the hollow life that laid before me. Perishing exponentially into a pool of all apathy.

"And what would feeling less terrible mean to you?" Thanks Aunty Grace.

"I'm not sure. I guess I wouldn't worry so much. I guess like how famous people feel. Acomplished and recognised," I said.

"Do you think it's possible to feel less terrible without having achieved a lot or without becoming famous?" Of course not, you fucking bitch. Although I knew she had me. I fuckin' knew it. As the tight-lipped dryness in her eyes protruded from her soul and grabbed me by the throat. Convincing me to drown.

"I don't know. Maybe. But what's point in being happy if you're not successful?" HA. Die you insufferable bitch. To be fair, I would hate me too. I doubt she was pleased to deal with my inane bullshit at 10am on a Sunday morning, as she sat there pondering, harmlessly contemplating the somewhat ambiguous state of her frozen eggs. Suspended in a vat of pickle juice to be extracted n' adorned once her online dating profile had come to ample fruition. "It's only a matter of time now," she'd utter to herself in a fiendish tone. Drizzled in an indignant ambivalence for sexual unrest, awaiting patiently to ensnare her personal toy-boy of lust n' pleasure. Hopefully I was at least within her top 10 imaginary preferences for suitable fathers. Then and only then would I consider addressing my depression.

"There's no reason why you can't be both happy and successful independently. It's just perhaps being happy might help you to become successful." she said. Certainly, it was hard to say she was wrong.

### Discuss Happiness

I wasn't quite sure what to think. All I knew was that I was losing this battle, worst of all to my own therapist. Whom I knew for certain did not make me happy. Although perhaps nothing would. I suppose happiness had never really been one of my great aspirations in life. In fact, it was a subject I hadn't really thought about at all. Happiness to me was more of a quirky nice-to-have, like a side of fries with a dab of Tabasco horse. A never-ceasing, sometimes pain, sometimes pleasure. Which would sporadically appear throughout one's life just to remind you of your own mortality. Perhaps more than happiness, what I truly wanted was to prove myself. To prove myself capable of wit and passion. Already, I felt happier.

"Aren't you going to ask me where Daddy touched me," I murmured.

### Therapist Cracks

"Maybe we should end today's session here." Yes. Perhaps we should. You soulless bag of refined cheddar.

"I would also consider finding another therapist. You seem consistently resistant to this idea that I can help you." My heart sank. Well, fuck. There ya have it folks. Discard the reminder. Throw out the bath water. I was no good for brown cardigan n' co.

"I don't think you trust me to help you understand your own problems," she iterated for a second time. It's true. I didn't trust her. I didn't trust her to understand me. I didn't trust to understand the loneliness I felt each night as I stepped out of the shower, covered in the filth of my own grief. Sorry I was even alive at all. Although what difference did it make? I barely even trusted myself. I suppose it could have been worse.

### Leaving Practice

I felt weary as I exited the lobby of the therapist's den. Supple to the elastic gestures of these bustling city streets. Blinded by a combination of fog n' footstep; caste to the shimmer of a Bedouin breeze. Melting across my eyelids with the theatrical zeal of a tribal face lacquer. Pantomime in its warbanding aggression. Ideal in its animation, leaving me cold and unsure. Just as I'd felt walking into the clinic only moments ago. Consommé like a thick gravy of mutton tartare, maroon upon a refulgent plate of vibrant pintar sick. As the haught clamateur, that beamy rose of trix valorant, heaved from my lungs. Sully in the candent taint of these wretched hands, pulling these strings with the caress of a demented kindness. Carelessly tilting me towards its vice n' candour. The feeling was good and the disrepair expansive.

I suppose I was always destined to become a kind of reimagined loneliness for a future generation to aspire to. Delicate in its cheerful carousel of tinted rosewood, soft against the abrasive melancholy of its desolate touch. For I am a robust man. A grand representative of caliph and vizier. Our young new leader to both guide and extrapolate upon this celebration of joust n' resignation. Hopelessness adieu. My pulse had become weak. Too exhausted to cry, I sat at the bus stop with a pretend on my face. Mincing my words under the breathlessness of a warble distress.

"Someone please love me."

## Scene 2 END

####

## Scene 3 START - self-therapy.

### Cynicism Monologue

So here I am. It's post-cull, and it's killing season. I have my rifle. My ammunition. It's all there. And as you can see, attached to my belt-buckle is the uh... first kill of the afternoon. Fresh as a can of frush can be. And as I'm sure you're aware, the fat-fuck couldn't waddle away fast enough from my bullet, so ere' he is. Slaughtered in a pilith of its own swine. And here I am. Prodding away at its dead carcass with the knuckle of my illegal 1958 issue firearm, because that's just what people like us do. Fuck n' instigate.

### Reimagining Therapy

And you know, since we're both here to talk about life. Let's discuss something a little more than the stars, the weather, or even the cookie-cutter commonality extruding from the coarse overindulgence of these low thread count fabrics. Constructed by the tiny illegitimate hands of some overworked sweatshop children. Now haphazardly collecting the semen from your electric gold vibrator, as you drool for another token from your overly ardent followers. Its an uncontrollable crave you maintain inside your brain, like an unapologetic splatter of concubine jelly. Filling the hollow arteries of your veins. Keeping your somber unchecked. Of course, it's also imperative that we communicate the old-fashioned way during this night of nights. With a gun n' a cloud of vapour nicotine, designed solely to envelop the senses in a mindless denial of prayer. As your curiosity nosedives into the safety of your compliance, grinding its choke against the will. Oh, and don't worry about the excessive plastic. I promise this discussion intends to be 100% polyester free.

Given our session of therapy has officially begun, it might be worth mentioning a few things before we become dove with tonight's discourse. Ultimately, I want you as the reader to take full-view of the How to Kill a Chinaman™ experience, as if you were the great man himself; cast mercurial in a perfect tanned bronze of human prerogative. Glory in his ill-defined consent. Primarily, if you like to lather then there’s quite a lot to like about this guy. I mean, sure. He does sometimes encourage an agonising amount of indecision, but that's why we love him. Loath him. Just shut the fuck up, okay? "The tribe gathers itself around the bounty, thrashing the corpse about in a sadistic two-time beat." All part of a ritual known as the hoard, as a hideous grin appears from the crowd. Staring me dead in the eye. With a knife held aggressively in the cusp of her masturbation mitt. Ready to snap n' balance. 

You know, as much as these words have been designed to divide n' conquer, it's genuinely not within my interest to offend. I merely intend to grab your imagination and assist you in the exchange of a non-sensical derivative. Playing upon the vulnerabilities of your emotional instability, which frankly speaking, is an area where the mind should not be touched. Although, I impinge. So let us for a brief moment become savant together, and share these words without any consideration for consequence. For without any doubt in my mind, its clear this novel aims to be tactical in its abuse, and ever-more clearer in its calculated demise. So allow me to try and paint a picture for you, so you can truly believe that the appearance is real. 

### Describe Yourself

You’re a crispy Ted. Your haircut is an impressionless scruff of pastiche antiquity. Neither brown, nor flavourless. And yet it's a reality you live with, because the confidence in these parts of town ain't so cheap. Limber, is your personality. Devoid n' ridicule. Smug in its torte affair with the connotation. Misleading in the irony which describes what little you actually bring to the table. But I tell ya what, it’s real cackle to try and observe you attempt to arrange those x’s and o’s into some kind of logical alphabet soup; glisten to an audience which loves to read about your self-abuse. But the good news ol' sailor is that you’re loved. Yes. Mummy loves you. She craves you enough to care.

Here. Have an expired Campbell’s chicken soup. Mum even opened the can n’ everything. And what makes this soup so special is that it was crafted with real tears. Real buttery tears. The kind of tears found only in upper-market department stores, where your mother discovers that she's sad and alone. Without a husband nor a family to call home. Tragedy. It truly is the kind of soup that burns your throat and slashes your budget with a miserable low-digit outcome. Sentient in its vagrancy. Of course, Mummy is also in a lot of pain. Because you made her pussy bleed and swell into a cupcake of cookie pie. Contract to the botched tit-job you now find yourself indebted in. As the frail old lady you call your Mother, lays silently on the floor. With scars as thick as knife wounds, carved throughout the maze of her willingness to expend. 

A finer touch if ever you demanded one. Although as we both know, these words are nothing more than a trap our senses have been fighting since you first arrived to the scene. “It’s okay to burn”, preaches the local glass nun, shouting vast through these pages without even a hint of respite. Sumptuous in the white thick powder pluming from her heels, in a perfect mirage of gloss and so sheen. Ah yes. And just when you thought life’s searing gaze couldn’t get any worse, a talking Harry presents itself in full-fashion. And the fucker just doesn’t know when to stop. Shut up Harry. Fucking Harry, you violent fuck. I'm sure she was being tart.

Controversies aside, you are a mature sex symbol with a body like a well-kept fire axe. Covered in the tan ripple of a thoughtless afternoon, as you fuck your wife by the poolside. As alpha as a bottle of jock. And although my heart is currently beating under the false pretense of a meaningful life, all I can say is that the blackmail has become far too much for me to handle. In fact, I'd really appreciate it if you'd please PLEASE, for the love of God, just lean over my shoulder and tell me HOW WONDERFUL MY SMILE IS TODAY. Oh, golly! That was lovely! Thank you, Daddy. It's great you could make it to my funeral. Yes, I love you too Daddy. Melodramatic was the score.

I lower my mind down to a four. Clobber upon the unadjusted leavening of an incongruous geese of opinions, foolishly gushing from my brain like a demonic pigeon squirming in an arduous free fall from the top floor of a prominent highrise skyline. What the fuck was wrong with me? Injured by the inconsequence of my own feelings, I wholeheartedly pressed my nose against the acrid smell of the intellectual tar, which ran down my arms and into the furrow of my shirt. Imploring the tastebuds to defile at this evening's courtesan buffet. So please dig in, unpleasant as it may seem. There's plenty of feed, so please please please. Feed upon thee.

I suppose I enjoyed this kind of surreal suffocation which in exact amounts, conveyed how truly damaged I was. A notion which I equated to grafting enamel onto the raw plasticity of one's own pupils; a process which allowed me to evaporate what little conscious thought I had left in these dull insensitive thoughts. I move my hand away from my lips, and sigh. Perhaps I should have written something a little less vague, as I tapped away on my laptop in the middle this busy city street. Perhaps I could have produced some fantasy piece discussing the adventures of a big-breasted child with a severe OCD for sucking cock. Surely, in raptum we trust. 

I hear the gurgle of an old bus engine splutter in the distance, as its weatherworn wheels made its way towards my direction. The driver is calm. The bus itself is quiet. A nice change of affairs for this particulate man. 

## Scene 3 END
