# Introduction

Welcome to life. I mean, I wouldn't quite call it a fascination of sorts, however it's a point of reference where the flounder can chow and the banal uniformity holding our existence together can compete, cultivate and plunder into Daddy’s sharp edges. Careless in it’s motion, your hand reaches for a conveniently placed cup of desecrated iron ready to take it’s place inside the churn of your mechanical body, and although you can feel the disparity cutting into your wiring (an almost egregious breakdown of your desires in analogous terms) the beauty is undeniable and the owners are shaking their heads in complete apathy. A smile appears from your lips, juxtaposed against the dry walls of a trodden theatre affair, now frantically eradicating itself as part of a grand, self-serving pursuit of cathartic, emotional absolution. The expectation is vast, ripping methodologically into your skin and scolding bone as this man’s poor goofy sidekick, just as that bone’s bone would wrap around the flakey lines of harmony which insist to care about the very things you’ve been designed to forget.

A finer touch if ever you demanded one, although as we both know, these words are nothing more than a trap our senses are both trying to fight. “It’s okay to burn”, preaches the local glass nun, shouting vast through these pages without even a hint of respite, white powder thick to her heels in a perfect mirage of gloss and so sheen. Ah yes, and just when you thought life’s searing gaze couldn’t get any worse, a talking Harry presents itself in full-fashion and it just doesn’t know when to stop. Shut up Harry. You violent Harry. Fucking Harry.

Curdled jelly splatters across your face, filling the hollow arteries of your veins with a sense of purpose not know since these words commanded God the pleasure of man. Fabled heroin masqueraded as a cheap 50 cent lice, tasty when chewed. And you know, since we're here to talk about life, let's discuss something more than the stars, the weather or the cookie-cutter commonality which extrudes itself from these dark coarse fabrics currently draping your electric gold. Your brain craves more than just crimson hue, and certainly can afford more than just the tart swine you reach and squander. It’s imperative that we take the excessive plastic off and exercise communication the old-fashioned way, with a gun and a cloud of nicotine vapour designed solely to penetrate your eyes and envelop curiosity in a way which floor would you into compliance.

Given our therapy session has officially begun, I think it’s worth mentioning a few things which I’m sure will help shape our timely discourse. Ultimately, I want you as the reader to take full-view of the Julius Reade TM experience as if you were the great man himself, cast dazzling in perfect tanned bronze upon a height of glory last emanated from the creation of the sun. Looking past the corruption and blatant animal abuse, I think there’s a lot to like about this guy. He lathers his tongue in a motion of self-loathing, and he encourages an agonising torment of indecision, abysmally profound in it's making. The tribe gathers itself around the bounty, thrashing itself about in a sadistic two-time beat. The cheap candy slathers in a ritual known as the hoard, pertain to the long-lasting peace you've always desired. There's a knife on the table and Mr. Compadre sitting across from you has something to say. Let's see who can scream louder.

Certainly, I don't mean to offend you. I mean, don't like to split either, but words are designed to divide and that's precisely what I intend to do. To grab your imagination and divide, mimic and taunt the non-sensical derivative bordering your emotional instability which tautologically speaking, should not be touched. Let us for a brief moment become savant together, and share these words without any consideration of the consequences which may ensue. Without any doubt in my mind, this book aims to be tactical in it's abuse and

So let me try and paint you a picture.

You’re a crispy Ted. Your haircut is an impression-less damp scruff of pastiche antiquity. I’ve never quite seen a suit so brown nor flavourless, and yet you have the confidence to match the dull-drudgery holding you down by your neck. A personality devoid of pleasure. Hell, I doubt even your own irony understands itself, let alone comprehends what little you bring to the table, but I tell ya what, it’s real cackle to try and observe you attempt to arrange those i’s and o’s into some kind of logical alphabet soup, glisten to an audience privy to the self-abuse you provide. But the good news is that you’re loved. Yes, Mummy loves you. She craves you. Here’s an expired Campbell’s chicken soup she prepared earlier, even opened the can n’ everything. This soup was crafted with real tears, real buttery tears, the kind of tears only found in upper-market department stores and gold-plated Jewish morgues. The kind of soup that burns your throat and slashes your budget into a miserable low-digit summary. Yet Mummy is in a lot of pain, because you made her pussy bleed and now there’s a frail old lady on the floor, mummified in the nostalgia you once thought intangible. There are scars as thick as knife wounds, carved throughout the maze of willingness you expend 



