# Work

Work ain't so bad.

It's not a complete orgy of totalitarian devastation. A subterranean scheme designed solely to propagate pus and confetti in it's undying commitment to reprogram you into a useful, well-behaved utility. Nor is it the kind of affair that begs to dribble you in nonsensical pleasure, lesser to the pagan beliefs you uphold as gospel upon God's almighty vision.

It's more of a mechanical duet featuring last week's best face and a palette of discount plastic cheese squares, suitably moulded into tiny matchsticks for your tongue to delight. How the bacteria likes it cheap. "Half a matchstick each day keeps ol' Maggie away from caressing the heart monitor!", a somewhat delirious lie if I ever heard one, and an enticingly offensive remark considering the integrity of these tight, syncratic lips. Beauty in their form and sour in their unreckoning desire to force grace into the tiny, dopamine-sized pockets preoccupying our brains. Pour the brandy into thy castle and deliver thy swine from the depths of hell. Oh, ever so hellish indeed.

Well, all of this would hold true in regards to the sanctity of work, if it didn't manage to gouge your left eye out with the edge of a disposable picnic salad spoon, left keenly in the office kitchen as a symbol of 21st century martyr, delegated ever-so softly as a personality disorder with a perfect amount of jazz to keep leadership in tune. It's an exciting state of premonition, like watching a parent die in front of you, and then again watching a fully-realised re-enactment in front of a live television audience, heartily dispassionate at the seams.

I actually quite like work, and aside from literally being paid by the boat-load to make that outrageous statement, I genuinely think it's a perfect package of routine and marriage. A homeless mother which holds you dearly and maintains such reverence towards your new-found illness of being a cute millennial, that you really can't help but wonder how you deliberate any sort of significant meaning, beyond the corpse you just laid to rest with a blunt knife and a resolve to inflict meaningless revenge. It is a true sense of purpose to wake up at 5:20am in the morning, only to disappoint yourself later in an attempt to pry the concrete from your eyes using a miniature-sized pickaxe.

It's leverage, silly. That's what keeps your heart young and your fake eyelashes pretty. I mean, can you even taste the salt in the air? It's everywhere. In my eyes. My lungs, oh those poor little lungs of mine. It's a bit like trying to breathe without the glamour of knowing where exactly the oxygen is coming from. Perhaps that's just how we do it here in Cattle Country, remise to the steak you gorge on and hoard. An excellent place to adore, as well as ignore, all kinds of pertinent squalor; the same kind you so profess as professional gold. Your rough heart creates many.

It's a beautiful sight, as I gaze out into the foray of wild desks and fibre glass upholstry shimmering in the distance. You might even consider it a blessing of sorts, a weary collection of long-term aptitude, projecting itself across the the many faces of

Crinkle n' cut, Benny boy. It's time to solder those wounds shut and call it a day. I know that's exactly how our good friend Jesus would want it. Recuperated within the space of a 10 minute smoko which clearly got waaaayyy out of hand. Keep the change sucker. It's all on me.
